ºMom 2501 Hunsberger Drive, Royersford, PA


2024
Debbie Drop passed - Sep 24


2021
Aunt Mary Ellen Herbert passed - April 7, Wed
Jimmy and Elissa married - Aug 21, Sat


2020
Max Thomas Herbert born to Billy and Renee - Jan 13
Levi Silas Herbert born - February 10, Mon 11:49pm
Susan Drop Sr passed - March 16
Emilia Ann Speck born to Matt and Lauren - April 26


2019
Kristin starts at LifeChurch fulltime - Oct 1
Andy and Tiffany married - Oct 12


2018
Started at LifeChurch - June 24
Moved to Edmond, OK - July 1
Matt and Lauren Speck married - Sept 1
Nathan baptized - Oct 28


2017
Daniel decides to follow Jesus - Jan 2
Silver Annalin Herbert born - January 25, Wed 5:54pm
John Paul Drop Sr passed - Feb 3, aged 74
Martin Paul Herbert born to Billy and Renee - October 20


2016
Eda Herbert and Patrick McCoyd married - Sept 3


2015
Ezra Matthias Herbert born - April 9, Thur 8:34 am
Jimmy and Angela Herbert married - July 11, Saturday
Owen Gabriel Herbert born to Billy and Renee - November 3, 5:30 am


2014
Sophia Marie Herbert born to Billy and Renee - Jan 18, 3:35 am


2013
Nathan Titus Herbert born - Feb 26, Tues 5:07 pm


2012
Beth Wolf passed - March 10, Saturday
Started at MyYearbook / MeetMe - May 21, Monday
Aunt Nancy Herbert passed - July 31, Tuesday
Billy and Renee Married, September 22, Saturday


2011
Daniel Shawn Herbert born - September 27


2008
Daniel Allen Herbert passed - July 31, aged 53


2006
Brian and Kristin Herbert married - May 27








Daniel's Yearbook
Daniel, we are so impressed and thankful for you. God's blessed our family with so much, and this year we're especially grateful for your faith, friends, compassion, and vulnerability.


Dec 29
Had a picturesque xmas with the fam. Did evening service at church, then went to Specks for dinner and gift exchange and hot tub. They also came over later in the day on xmas.


We did family secret Santa 2 days before, since the kids were clamoring for it.


Christmas day was very chill and fun. Super warm out. We ended up hanging out with the Bryans and friends of D and N hung out with them. I guess other families were getting cabin fever, too.


We had lifegroup on Sunday, a xmas party with games that Kristin created. Really fun, Kristin always does amazing hosting and creating the games. The kids had a blast playing in the dual yards and playing a lego-based game.


The weather was insane this week, 75 degrees every day. Running has been good, I'm totally recovered from racing Daniel and Nathan and messing up my hamstring. Lower back is still a bit sore, but I need to cut back on sugar. Kristin's experiencing the same thing.


I've been on Finasteride for like 1.5 years now and just got an Rx for Dutasteride to see if that's more potent. Gonna keep an eye on side effects.


Been keeping up with workouts.


We just did a day of 4 bball games for Daniel at Deer Creek, he got some good playing time. Poppy went to all of them, ESL went to one for Burger King fries reward.


We also did a random Burger King outing bc Ezra was interested in the Spongebob promo. 


Daniel and Nathan spent a bunch of evenings / nights playing tag in the woods with friends since it was so warm. Daniel also did a sleepover at Williams, along with a couple others.


Construction continues on the expansion. Looks to be another month, at least.


Kristin and I spent a half day sorting through stuff at Mom's new house.


I took Daniel to see the Bible Experience at work and tour of the office. He also spent a long time at the merch section of Central A, and I let him get a hoodie. Great outing. I hope and pray his faith continues to grow, and that he gets involved in LC / YV. He's keeping up a Guided Scripture streak.


Daniel's been a little down these last couple days of break, probably because it got really cold. He's also hard on himself for not being productive. Kristin took him out to the Dicks Sports center place yesterday, and Sam's club.


ESL have been playing lots of Sonic Racing and Mario Party on Switch, along with whatever guest kids are around. They're playing really well together with all things.


Ezra had Landon Hibbler over yesterday after church. Lots of sports and movie making. They get along great.


Ezra got a good electric scooter for xmas and has been using it nonstop. Also a glowing frisbee, which has been helpful for our night catch sessions.


One evening we spontaneously went to the Mitch Park lights with just Silver and Ezra.


I'm continuing on some little house projects. Nathan helped me replace the van mirror, a great technical project, and I couldn't have done it without him. 4 hour task. Also replaced some Fit bulbs, a bathroom fan motor, and a couple door back door pieces.


Jimmy won't be visiting after all; he missed getting a RealId. We had a couple good phone calls tho. 


I'm continue to gradually improve the research aggregator site. https://briandherbert.github.io/research_digest_site/




Dec 21
Work was way too busy. Finally took some time off til the end of the year.


Mom closed on the house a couple days ago. She wasn't here but Sue did the closing. Yesterday our fam all went over to "treasure hunt", which was actually really fun. Daniel and Nathan wanted to price every knick-knack for selling.


She's gonna come visit again in a week or two. Jimmy is going to visit too! Along with his neighbor/nephew, Carson, who'll be 8.


Basketball continues on. Daniel's kind of resigned to playing a "big" in both his teams. We're playing a lot in the driveway and Daniel cooks me the whole time; hopefully he can start doing that in games sometime. Nathan is filling in on both JV teams and loving it. I went to a couple games last week and am really impressed at his progress.


Ezra's been doing extremely well emotionally. We limited VR to 1 hour per week, after a few weeks without, and I am surprised that there may be a lot of correlation. He's talking more about friends and successes at school. He and Silver are like besties now, constantly reading, watching shows, joking, creating together, and Levi often joins in. Silver's been choosing to sleep in their room and it's like a sleepover.


Daniel's still dating Channing, apparently, and Kristin helped him do some Christmas shopping. He's a little somber the last couple weeks, I think bc of winter, but he also goes to Will's daily, which encourages him.


Construction on the expansion is steady. Bricks just finished, the mason, Michael, talked my ear off about Bitcoin. 


I took Levi to his friend Omar's birthday party and Main Event. His dad is also named Omar and is a physician. Friend Drew was also there, who we see at the pool; his dad is Greg.


I've been vibe-coding a news aggregator site.


Kristin and I did Hot Ones annual challenge at work. Very fun.


Nathan had a choir concert that Kristin went to.


Dec 1
Mom and Pat have been here for the last week. It's been extremely helpful. They had ESL over for a sleepover one night, and have done various playground adventures and lots of driving.


I took the whole Thanksgiving week off and didn't think about work at all. I did a little code tinkering with an auto-aggregator for specific topics. Started an old Zelda game. Watched some more NBA stuff with Kristin. 


I've been playing more basketball with Daniel, and gradually improving in defense from Youtube videos, but he's still much better than I'll ever be. On Thanksgiving, he wanted to race in the street and beat me. I invited Nathan out too, and ended up really messing up my right hamstring. I'd also set out to do 300 pushups that day, and the next day my back was totally seized up. It and my leg are still hurting. I was unable to do my run or workout; hopefully nothing serious. Weirdly, my throat has been pretty good this week, and I canceled my appt today so I can focus more on empirically narrowing down foods.


Thanksgiving day, Mom did a ton of cooking. We had them over and the Bryan's. Very chill day, lots of eating. We took the kids to the playground after dinner and ended up staying a few hours. Ezra and I introduced them to shoe-bee, our horseshoes-frisbee hybrid. Britney starts her new job at CEN B today.


Daniel's been up and down. He's also missed a couple family things due to basketball - the Billions event and seeing the new building. The break was a lot of time away from friends, and he's had additional emotions from his gf Channing talking about taking a break to focus on her relationship with God. Daniel asked me for relationship advice yesterday. He's been really open lately, which is a huge show of humility and blessing to us. He's been rallying his friends to go out and play football and basketball and general adventuring - Will, Avery, Mason, Joel, Joey. He also loves his basketball team. Maddox's dad, Brandon, played college ball and got gym time to give the boys a private lesson.


The younger kids have all been playing great together. Feebs and Pat have been facilitating board games.


Ezra had a pretty steady week, relatively. Still always on the verge of emotional breakdown, but better.


We did family photos last week. Kids did fantastic and they turned out great, to Kristin's delight. Mitch Park, then went to Fresh for kids to pick treats.


Took everyone except Daniel around the new building. Mom absolutely loved the Bible Experience. All the kids did. Nathan was so interested in the tech. Everyone spent at least 20 minutes there.


On Tuesday, we all went to the Thunder-Timberwolves game. Great time. Went to Hall's pizza for dinner before.


Kristin and I got some date time over the weekend, so we bought a few new xmas lights and put them up together. Silver and Levi had helped me clean up leaves and I cleaned out the gutters.


Last night we went to the Belyeus. Very chill, Cloningers and Chris weren't there, and all our kids stayed home with the grandparents. Tim had an appendectomy last weekend and is still recovering.




Nov 24
Work has been way too much, too busy to even journal. I love the purpose, but the method isn't sustainable. I'm taking this week off for Thanksgiving. We "released" Platform as an extremely barebones, broken beta. Brad nearly burnt himself completely out; he's definitely got a workaholic inclination though. Kristin has been furious at the situation. It marred moving into the new building, especially a painful misunderstanding between me and Terry. 


Mom's here for almost a month, and Pat arrived a couple days ago. She just bought the house behind us! It was kinda funny, she put a bid in on the Stark's house on the corner, which was way overpriced. They turned down her low offer and sold immediately. Mom said she was content, and a couple weeks later Karon put hers up for sale. Apparently Karon is happy that it's our relative. So win for everyone, including Sue as her first sale.


The Specks are going to Philly on Wednesday. Shawn was sick a bunch last week, and Mom actually got strep Thursday night but is feeling better. Silver and Levi each stayed home some this week with sickness too, but Feebs time brought out their energy.


Kristin and I took the kids to the Billions event at the Paycom center. Daniel decided to go to his basketball game instead. It was an incredible event, though 3 hours was way more than we were expecting. Lots of singing, and I've never seen Nathan get into worship like that before. 


Daniel's been doing well with basketball. He's not scoring much, and is disappointed at being a "big" hanging out at the post, but his coach gives him time and his teammates are super encouraging. He's the only new kid on the varsity 8th team. The games are loud and rowdy, and Cheyenne dominates, even the far-away "scrimmages" that the coach sets up.


Daniel has a girlfriend now, Channing. He asked her out at a football game last week. Will is also official with Channing's friend Amara, so the four of them hang out a bunch. 


Ezra's still doing hockey, somewhat begrudgingly. I've been the default taking him to practice and games. Feebs and Pat came to his last game. Poppy says his arthritis hurts too much to help with skates.


Kristin and I are keeping up with our runs and workouts. I did 7.1 miles on Saturday. Weekly routine also includes the Specks having Ezra, Silver, and Levi over for a couple hours after church. Waving with Silver and often Ezra.


I met up with Nic again for coffee a few weeks ago. They've had a lot going on with Britney trying to switch jobs from OKC campus to CEN, and it not going well. She's since gotten a new position on the learning team and starts next week. The whole experience was rough. They also hosted Halloween, and we were joined by Hamiltons, Ella and Katherine, and a soccer family that the Bryan's have gotten to know well. Nathan did his own thing with friends here and in Stonebriar, and met up with us afterwards. We took Daniel to Oak Tree, where mobs of 8th graders hung out. I picked him up from girl Channing's and met her mom real quick, Amy.


Anna came to visit for a couple days and stayed with the Specks. She and Kristin went to the Warriors game, tho Steph Curry was lackluster. She also came to one of Daniel's basketball games, and had dinner with us. It was great catching up; I think Anna didn't want to see me when she caught up with Kristin last time. She's carving out a new home and community in Minnesota. 


Kristin has been weirdly obsessed with getting a dog. I thought it was a fluke, like momentarily wanting a baby, but she's researching breeders and texting me dog pictures. The ones she wants are several thousands of dollars. Her main motivation is for Nathan, who is hard to connect with. Nathan really enjoys the Bryan's dog, Winston.


Our house expansion construction appears to be flying along. For all I can tell it's good work. It's framed, roof is done, electric, plumbing, windows and outside door, and they knocked out the inner wall. Still needs HVAC, insulation, drywall, brick, flooring, hardware.


Other misc things - Fall Fest at church, Daniel and Nathan each had a different Cotillion event, took kids adventuring at Chitwood and the (closed) splashpad, various Walmart trips, D and N haircut at TK today. 




Oct 26
Work is slammed. We're trying to get Platform finished. Everyone on the team has gone through some kind of trial, and questioned being there. The enemy wants us to fail. But despite miscommunications and deadlines and way too many contractors, we're staying resilient. Gaylen in particular has had serious medical issues for himself, his wife Simone, his mom and his son.


I'm feeling more drawn to staying on Platform. It's an incredible privilege, and would be an amazing legacy.  


Last Friday, Nathan had a choir concert. I ran into the DeToros there and chatted a bit. His buddies Luca and Jett are right next to him. They did a couple songs, then I left for the hour that high school came on and returned as it ended. They also got to go to Surge for a boys' choir outing.


I've gotten a good amount of opportunities to continue connecting with Nathan, often giving rides. 
Today and yesterday I took him and Luca to Skyzone. We did a little McDonald's monopoly contest and have been winning some free food items, so I've done a couple trips with the kids. I won a little crocheting kit, which Nathan spent hours on, and he built a cool little bird figure. His arm is fully healed and he got doctor approval to return to football. He's still nervous about it, but Kristin messaged the coach and Nathan's gonna try to play in the last game on Tuesday. He also said he's gonna try out for basketball next week. We watched Winston a couple times while the Bryan's were out, and Nathan is always up for hanging out with him and even walking him. He's definitely gonna have a dog someday.


We did our annual Orr family farm trip last Saturday. The Bryans and Hamiltons also joined. Tons of fun, as usual. Daniel was in a bad mood and spent most of the time in the car. At least he doesn't need tending to. Levi is great but still needs constant watching, so Kristin and I rotated.


We've done few playground trips during this last spurt of good weather. Levi is always up for it.


Ezra and I continue to do frisbee regularly, especially to help him calm down or just gush about all his latest media learnings about new movies and books and characters.


Because of the work crunch, I've been staying at the office later and doing a little work on the weekends, so I'm having to say "no" sometimes to requests to jump on the trampoline or do a video before bed. I'm trying to weigh that. 


Daniel's been a bit up and down, mostly up. For some dumb reason his expensive basketball league hasn't had a game for 3 weeks, and has been limiting practices too. I let him sleep in for an hour one day, and he was actually very appreciative. He's going to try out for school basketball next week. Daniel went to Fright Fest at Six Flags twice recently. He and Will met up with some girls from school. I also met their buddy Maddox's dad, who drove them all home. Daniel confided in Kristin that he's been talking to a girl named Channing.


All the kids continue to excel at school. Ezra's asked Kristin for help with long division, and Daniel is diligent in staying up to date with math. Nathan's crushing it; he had a book report and spend a couple days using his sleepless superpower to actually read the book. A 9-11 story, I think, by Adam Grant. Silver's loving GATE and Levi's teacher said he's a joy in class. He always has detailed reports about the days.


Kristin took Silver to a bday party at Andretti yesterday, which Silver said was the best. Her crew sounds awesome. So I took the boys plus Joey, Will, and Luca to Skyzone. Originally it was just Nathan and Luca asking for a ride but it was a great outing. I just stuck by Levi for the 90 minutes. Ezra likes doing dodgeball, Nathan and Luca do everything, Daniel and his buddies mostly played basketball, and Levi did the trampoline room, jumps, and shooting baskets. We wandered Academy for a bit afterwards.


Construction on the expansion appears to be going well. The whole thing is framed and sheathed in wood. Still lots to go with plumbing, electric, brickwork, roof shingles, and connecting to the house, but there's daily progress. I can't imagine them finishing by 2026 though.


The Starks put up a for-sale sign, so I texted Mom, who quickly put in an offer, but it was rejected. It was an interesting set of convos with her and Sue, who is Mom's realtor here. There's be pros and cons to having her right next door. And there won't be another opportunity like this; that house is well-suited to grandparent lifestyle. Mom says she's totally cool with not getting the house tho. The Starks' realtor is asking way too much, 425k when there's nothing even at 400k in the neighborhood, so who knows.


We did a spontaneous ice-cream night at the Specks on Monday, which was really fun for everyone. 


NBA season started so we've watched a couple games on TV. This week the Watsons invited us to a game on Thursday. And Kristin and Anna are going to see the vs Warriors game next month. Lots of basketball.


Today was Fall Fest at church, so we wandered and pet animals (including Zonkeys!) and bought the kids fair food with Mimi and Poppy. Ezra, Silver, and Levi all joined me for waving.


Britney Bryan applied for a job on the LC Learning team, which unfortunately went from a sure thing to drama, so we're figuring out how to encourage them.




Oct 10
Had Family Reunion. Great time, lots of catch up with others. My big takeaways lately have been to be humble and hardworking regardless of my title, and bring fruit of the Spirit. Joybringer. My teammates nominated me for "Innovation Happens Where Passion Meets Constraint" award.


We went to a little middle school party thing where Nathan's chorus sang the Star-Spangled Banner, then he stayed with friends for a while.


Ezra had his first hockey game yesterday. He played defense and worked hard. Mimi and Poppi came. Silver and Levi played with other kids there and had a great time, so Kristin and I were able to watch and cheer. 


I'm taking 3 days off, but it doesn't feel like much because the time is bounded by Frontier driving. I'm feeling tired all the time. I'm keeping up with long runs and gradually increasing workouts. The routine things are good, but for all the other things, I'm feeling lazy, unmotivated, and a little undirected. I need to buckle down and listen to God.


Yesterday, in addition to hockey, the Specks came over, Nathan went to his middle school football game, and Daniel went to the high school one. Maybe we're too busy. I took Kristin to lunch at Neighborhood Jam.


Nathan and Daniel both went to Switch Fest on Wednesday, and each took and met a bunch of friends.


We did playground a couple times this week. Ezra and I have been doing lots of frisbee and "shoe-bee". We've also chatted with Daniel and Shelby Roberts a few times; they're often at the playground and playing soccer with Sydney.


I took Nathan and Joel and Luca to free skate at the hockey rink. We're trying to save money, but all the $10 football games and money for little events and food are really adding up.


Last week, the construction crew for the addition re-routed the gas line, but the pilot in the water heater was out at night. So I had us sleep at the Specks. We got there at like 11:15, and Mimi had a very early dr appt. It was chaotic and disruptive, but we did the right thing and are grateful to have them so close by. Mom was still here so it was 8 of us crashing the Specks and finding places to sleep.


I went with Mom to look at 2 of Kendra Golden's properties in downtown Edmond; Sue met us there. They were nice, but way too much work for Mom. We had pizza afterwards and discussed a little bit of politics. I'm so sick of the topic, but am trying to learn and our country's division just keeps getting worse.


Daniel had really bad morning on Monday, back to his old ways. He was incredibly mean to Kristin. He apologized a couple days later after I pointed out how hard it was on her.


I'm accumulating more aches and pains. My left bicep is all kinds of messed up, and I probably need to take a couple months off of pullups. My left shoulder is also regularly in pain, exacerbated by frisbee and football throwing. 


I'm trying to figure out my posture at work. It's a messy grind, ambiguous in expectations. Some things I'm supposed to lead, and others I think I just need to shut up and code.


Jimmy's been texted that their baby boy is healthy. 


The Cloningers shared that River has some serious medical issues. It's really hard for them to talk about.






Sep 29
Daniel turned 14! 
I've been feeling generally overwhelmed, so I readily accepted Brad Belyeu's invite to go camping, along with Chris Vaughn. We went to Great Plains State Park out near Wichita Mts for a very short trip. Brad drove us out and we slept in his camper, which is really convenient. We did a long, somewhat challenging hike up a nearby mountain, and then a walk along the like that the site is on. It was really refreshing. We also did a little drive into the town of Snyder for misc supplies. We brought way too many snacks and spent a lot of time just sitting and talking. Brad had taken the whole week off to garden. I really admire his style; he's always cultivating, always in intentional rhythms. He makes the most of everything, very efficient with getting things to last.


Kristin was pretty stressed on Friday, unfortunately, with me gone and grandparents oblivious to kid needs. She took the littles to Frontier Fun night and bought food truck dinner, both things she swore she wasn't gonna try.


I took Friday off and was able to take the Frontier kids into school before Chris picked me up. We got back around noon on Saturday, which was Daniel's birthday. Daniel had an amazing bball game that I had to miss; Kristin texted me live updates. He didn't begrudge me at all though. The grandparents got to watch him play. We ordered sandwiches for dinner, then walked to Ritas, along with Joel and Will. Eli and Ansen also were over, so seemed like a great birthday.


Daniel also had his last XC meet on Friday, which he did decently at.


I took Daniel and Nathan to the Penn Square mall on Sunday for a few hours. Daniel can shop. It was pretty amazing how busy the mall was. The Lego store was awesome; I got Spiderman figures for Ezra, Silver, and Levi, and Nathan ended up spending $80 on a OnePiece set. Daniel bought some very nice clothes. We'd joked about him getting an Italian Hoagie and then Italian ice, and talked a bunch about our heritage, and he bought an Italy Ferrari shirt. Mom shared a bunch about her college time in Italy.


Shawn somehow got really sick with COVID between Saturday morning and evening, so he's staying at home and Mom moved into Silver's room for the trip. She's helping a bunch with kids and rides; it's gonna be a crazy, crazy week with family reunion and various activities. She took ESL to a playground and McDonald's on Sunday while we were at the mall.


Mom has been looking at a bunch of houses in the area with Sue, trying to figure out some balance of being close to us and also getting a place she can rent out.


Kristin came back from her trip with Amy on Monday eve. She got lots of rest and friend time, which was good because I needed to check out for a bit.


Work is also in a weird place. There's too much team tension. 


I skipped my Saturday run after the hiking trip. I did my Sunday workout by breaking up the pushups for 6 sets and ended up finishing just under 12 minutes, easily my fastest. I added in a few more sets of pushups afterwards.


Sep 22
Kristin went to Dallas with Amy for 4 days, comes home tonight. It's been good, but very tiring. Levi has woken up every night around 2-4am and I slept in his room last night. He has a fever; we just went to the doc and are waiting on strep results. 


Daniel tested positive for both strep and flu B somehow, which took him out Thursday and Friday. Poppy drove him to Primary Care for the in-car swab. Daniel slept most of those days, tried to convince me he was better Saturday eve for a sleepover, to no avail, then slept til noon-ish on Sunday. He was feeling much better by then, played with us at the playground and hung out with Will and Avery, and got up on his own for school today.


Yesterday ended up being super fun. We did church, ESL went to grandparents. Nathan waited around for Stellan, who'd invited him to the OKC state fair but never showed up. I took Levi around the pond and then to the playground a little after noon. We ran into his classmate, Drew, who was fishing. At the playground, he found a bunch of caterpillars under the swings that had fallen from the tree. So that became our activity. I called Ezra on Alexa and got him to rollerblade down with a frisbee that became a caterpillar container. Then Daniel joined us and knocked a bunch of them out of the tree with a football. I called Nathan to send Silver down, then he and several friend joined us. I played a bunch of catch with Daniel, who can now throw farther than I can, and frisbee-horshoes (shoe-bee) with Ezra. Then we went home and ran into Stellan, who asked if Nathan could still go to the fair and would it be ok if they were just dropped off - no. 


Stellan's a sweet kid, despite what seems like a crazy family situation. Earlier this week, I played catch with Nathan, Stellan, Daniel, Jett, Luca, and we all encouraged Stellan and gave him some coaching.


Mimi came over for dinner since Poppy was hosting men's lifegroup. Which was perfect; I was constantly looking for kid activities and an engaged grandparent is the best. She brought pretzels and we watched the crazy recap of the Eagles game.


I texted with Jimmy a bit - their baby boy is doing well, just a month or so along. He's already trying to plan a get-together next summer with Erica and Alexis.


Daniel and Nathan are both playing Clash Royale, so that's been a little new connector for us.


The house constructions appears to have stalled this weekend. They put in plumbing returns and base framing for concrete, but no activity Friday or Monday.


Saturday evening, we did our traditional "Mom's out of town" dinner at Cicic's, joined by Mimi and Poppy. Then went to 5 Below and let the kids get some toys. Levi got a Hungry Hungry Hippos knockoff that we all played together.


Friday evening I took Silver and Levi on a walk and there was a bunny that let them get really close. Silver said it filled up her heart with warmth. 


Work is getting to be a lot, and I'm not at my best. I need better sleep and less video games.


Wednesday afternoon, I went to Josh Hamilton's 10 year celebration at Andretti racing. I rode with Eric L and had some good convos. Nic Bryan, Nate Meharg, Jenny T, and Jose were the crew. And Jennifer Hamilton. It was so much fun. I was able to get 2nd for both races but couldn't catch Eric.


Last week I did Birthday Murphday in about 45 minutes. A couple weeks prior I did my Sunday workout in 13:10! Yesterday I tried 8 sets and only managed 13:37.


I'm gonna try to do some kind of hiking / camping overnight with Brad and Chris on Friday. Saturday is Daniel's birthday, so I don't want to miss much.




Sep 16
Work on the house continues. The backyard is more dug up, the sewage is connected, a new gas line is almost ready, and there's a trench around where the new rooms will be. 


Daniel continues to do well, so much better than last year. After coming to work last Monday, he's been back to hitting all his goals, going to all the things. He had another XC meet, which he did pretty good in, and he's crushing math class with over 100%. He had his first Griffin Academy game, which he only did a couple minutes in, and another practice. But he says he's glad he's doing it, and has a great perspective on getting better. He's doing youtube drills and asking me to play outside, despite the giant dumpster in our driveway. 


Nathan and Daniel have both been going to the football games, middle and high school. The high school one was nuts, absolutely packed. They're both having a blast and hanging with so many friends. Nathan is going to try out for the school swim team in a couple weeks, along with Luca. His last arm break has scared him off football; he want to go to team practices but not play in games. His grades are great, and he's somehow still running on less sleep than me while running around with friends after school.


Ezra's doing pretty good, but he keeps worrying about his own mental health. We've limited Youtube more and are pushing more exercise. I'm reading Diary of a Wimpy kid in the evenings, now that Kristin's finished My Side of the Mountain, and we're doing lots of walks and football throwing. Ezra's also spearheading a drawing era with Silver and Levi. They're all doing drawing before bed and in the car on the way to school. Ezra's also back to drawing more digitally. There was a Nintendo Direct last week, so the elementary kids all excitedly watched it before school, and I put in on my phone for car line.


Silver did like a 3 hour call with Raya over the weekend. It's amazing how strong their friendship is. She's been making her own lunch in the mornings, and doing lots of playing with both Ezra and Levi.


Levi was built for school routine. He's such a happy kid, really helpful, and even takes initiative to help me and Kristin out with chores. I took ESL to 711 to get "waving reward" candy, and they all shared with everyone.


Sunday, both Silver and Ezra joined me to wave. Silver and I have been playing an imaginative game of "virtual worker", where one of us is a cashier or babysitter or astronaut, and the other narrates scenarios. Ezra happily joined in.


I turned 42 last Wednesday. They Specks came over in the evening, and I went for a little run. Mom called, but totally derailed me talking about Charlie Kirk, who I'd never heard of. His assassination is dividing the country, and seeing "Christians" take up arms makes me sad and angry. We have a playbook for what to do to our enemies - love them.


At work, the stress of deadlines has greatly slackened with new developments. I'm hopeful we can put out a great product as it becomes ready.


Kristin's going to Dallas with Amy from Friday until Monday. The Specks are gonna help with some driving. 


Sunday was lifegroup at the Belyeus. They graciously put on the Eagles game and we had a fun time. Daniel was a bball practice and Nathan opted out tho.


Sep 8
Nathan broke his wrist again, this time on the left. He was playing his first football game on defense and got pushed and awkwardly fell. He knew immediately that it was broken, way more painful than the other breaks, so they called us over the intercom. I took him to the new Integris place near us and we got an xray and splint in time for him to return to the post-game huddle. That's all he wanted, was to go back with his friends. He stayed for the 8th grade game, too. He's still in pain, but has been going out and playing with friends. Having his dominant hand available is more liberating since he can throw a ball and use a mouse. We've gotten a lot of 1:1 talking time this week.


Rough morning today with Daniel. He broke down like last year, crying and sad, from a combination of things on his mind like missing Blaze and losing a hoodie and feeling bad at basketball. Nathan's schedule is also making it hard to sleep. He's at work with us. But he had a great week and weekend. Ran well at the next XC meet, aced a math quiz, friends over every day, went to the high school football game. He had his first Solid Rock practice Sunday - very intense - and I thought he did fine, but he felt bad.


I rented the third Batman movie for Nathan and Ezra, third week of the trilogy, all split over 2 days. I watched about half with them. Ezra said it was his favorite superhero movie ever.


Ezra's been doing great this week after a very rough previous weekend. YouTube is more limited, and he's been in creative mode more. He made a fun video with Levi and Silver as the actors. The four of us did a playground picnic on Sunday afternoon. Great weather and so much fun. Ezra and I invented a frisbee / horseshoes game. Nathan and his buddies were playing an invented game next to us with a football that he could manage with one hand. Levi was able to do the monkeybars! Last week he was nervous, and yesterday he must've done them a dozen times. I had to tell him to rest because blisters were forming.


We also did some playing in the yard with the good weather. Kristin substituted in for some football throwing, and he and Levi and Silver have been having a blast on the trampoline.


The yard is full of pits and trenches from the construction. They accidentally cut some lines and the gas pipe, nothing catastrophic tho. 


Mimi and Poppi came over a couple times. Mimi and Kristin pained the front room and spackled the torn-out shelf spot that I put way too much time into. 


I was still sick a couple days, but it didn't impede much. Work was really rough. I felt like I was getting shoehorned into an API dev role for the next couple years, and I talked about changing roles. Which stress out Brad and Gaylen. I've since apologized.


I was sick the first part of the week, right after Kristin recovered. Daniel also got some version of it.


Been playing Stardew Valley a bit too much.




Sep 2
Another week of school and we're figuring out routine. Kids are doing really well in the mornings, getting, themselves ready and packing their lunches, including Levi! Having the internet go off at 9:30 pm helps a lot.


We did some back to school nights, touring Daniel and Nathan's schedule and seeing the elementary kids' classrooms. All the teachers seem great; Levi ended up with his starter teacher, Mrs. Gray. We met a kid at the pool who's in his class; his parents are friends with the Murphys. The dad's name is Greg.


Driving everywhere is tricky with sports, so the Specks have been helping. 


Nathan's doing well with football and found out he'll be starting left receiver on varsity! They don't have enough kids for JV, but still. Nathan's also starting on defense. His ankles have been hurting him, so we've tried stretches and medicine and Trey gave him stretch bands, but Nathan is also unwilling to rest for even a day. Last night, he went to the HS football game to "help" Luca with concessions, but they ended up playing football with friends under the stands the whole time. This weekend, I helped Nathan set up a YouTube channel; he was inspired by Eza's progress. I also took him and Levi to Academy sports to get new cleats. Nathan's so easy to shop for, and Levi does so well that he ended up getting "America crocs".


Daniel is also crushing it with his busy schedule. He's proactively asking Kristin for help with his geometry work. He had a XC meet in Mustang on Friday and averaged 6:26 / mile! Huge improvement from the week before, and the Sorrells sent us a video of him finishing. Daniel also competed in a very intense 3v3 basketball tournament with his friends Maddox, Lake, Briggs, and William Newman. That was yesterday; Kristin and I and the Specks went to various games, and I had lunch with the Newmans while the boys ate together. Learned that Anne has her CPA and worked for Price Waterhouse Cooper for a while, and if she goes back to work her new dream is Kindergarten music teacher. Daniel was feeling kinda sick, so he didn't play much time, but he gave his all on the court and got advice from his friends on how to improve.


Ezra's been really difficult lately, just huge emotions and fears and fighting and screen obsession. But he's also getting out and playing when forced to, so it's probably on us to parent him better. For some reason, his challenges make us way more short-tempered that Daniel's. But we're still walking and throwing a football daily. He's been playing incredibly well with his siblings at the pool, and he joined Nathan and company for a walking trip to Ritas. He was getting frustrated with how hard it is to get YouTube views and subscribers, then he made a video that got like 20k views in a couple days and elated him. But given the choice, he'll sit on the couch and do nothing but YouTube all day, then throw a fit when asked to pick up his socks or do an easy chore. So I took away his ipad yesterday. Not sure what we'll do about that. We're also continuing to pray for a great friendship in class. He talked about connecting with a kid named Ethan.


There's been a lot of sibling joy lately. Giggle fests with Ezra, Silver and Levi.


Silver also chooses lots of screens, and we're having to direct her away from headphones on and phone-in-hand at all times. But she's very responsible and does everything that's asked. I took her to Walmart with Ezra for a waving-reward trip. She's big into music, like listening and singing, and the Zombies soundtracks get played in the car, along with K-pop Demonhunter, though we haven't watched it.


Levi's doing great with elementary school. Yesterday, he chatted with Carter Krone a little at the pool. He lives across the street and is almost exactly the same age, so I think they'd get along.


Mornings have been late to work because of school dropoff, but I enjoy the half hour in the car with Ezra, Silver, and Levi, and they've been getting along really well. 


This weekend was long because of Labor Day, and there's no school today (Tues), so Silver and Levi are here. It's Levi's first elementary day. Kristin was sick all weekend with tiredness, but that didn't stop her from chores and cooking up a ton of chicken soup and taco soup. We had to cancel hosting LifeGroup tho, and she slept a lot. Specks came over yesterday for dinner and pool walk. The pool was way too cold, but our kids all swam a bunch. Daniel and Nathan had their crews over a few times.


I started watching Batman 2, The Dark Knight, with Ezra and Nathan, but didn't finish. Long movies don't work for Nathan and Daniel when friends are available. 


The construction is getting prepped; contractor Corey delivered a giant dumpster and trailer on our driveway, and I did a little stuff-moving to clear a path and marked the gas line with flags. No idea how it's all gonna work. They're supposed to start today. Kristin's WFH to recover and be there with the older boys while workers arrive.


I did church Sunday with Nathan, Ezra, Silver, and Levi while Daniel and Kristin recovered.


We helped with Winston while the Bryan's were away for a soccer tourney. It was actually really good for the kids. They had so much fun playing with him, Levi was so brave and wanted to interact with Winston, which was his first time not running away screaming from a big dog. We took him for a walk, which Nathan lead. Silver's gotten really good at throwing a ball. They all asked to visit Winston more, but the Bryan's came home early because of the rain.


Aug 25
First week of school went really well. All the kids were ready on time, have friends, great teachers. Daniel and Nathan are doing practices after school.


Ezra's been battling emotional stability, and for some reason, it grates on my patience in a different way, so I'm trying to pour in more time with him and pray together before bed. We got some great quality time together. He just loves talking about superhero movies and youtube videos. He requested Batman Begins, so I rented it and we plus Nathan watched it together Saturday and Sunday evening.
He did say he wishes some of his classmates shared his interests, so I told him we're praying for one great friend in class. He's also been wearing his hoodie in the summer heat because he doesn't like his body shape. But it doesn't seem to be depressing him; he's fine at the pool, and we're talking about it.


Silver waved with me Sunday, and got a fun shopping trip with Kristin on the weekend. She got some clothes and bought herself a purse/backpack thing. She's been playing lots of Legos. And she made up a verbal "job simulator" game that she plays with me while waving and with Kristin at night. It's a cute, fun exercise in one person pretending to be a babysitter or astronaut or anything, and the other person making up "choose your own adventure" steps.


Levi is doing great at school, and even makes most of his own lunch in the mornings! It's definitely wearing him out though. The other kids haven't been able to go outside because of the heat but his recess is early enough. Right now he's obsessed with almost-brainrot Sonic videos. But he's also playing Minecraft on the Switch. Daniel and Nathan have been really sweet about including him in random xbox and exercise things.


I was praying for opportunities to connect with Nathan more, and God answered immediately. Nathan went with me to Lowes and then Walmart of his own accord. He also went with Kristin to Sam's club. A couple nights ago he turned down an offer to sleep over at Jet's and asked me for a ride late, which I was happy to do. Then I found out that Jet's mom's new boyfriend was the only one there and that was totally not ok. Nathan told Luca to tell his parents; not sure what happened with that. I've gotten to pick up Nathan from football a couple times, and he's working so hard.


Daniel had his first Cross Country meet and it was so much fun. He crushed it, averaged like 6:55 for the 1.5 ish miles. Surprised himself with how well he did and he said he was being too conservative early on. Easton and Blake are running, so we saw their parents at the massive race event at Deer Creek HS. 
He's doing so well, and is still making time to go out with friends and have them over. So he's going to bed early and waking up early. Saturday night, he was starting to spiral a bit, stressing about a math assignment and wishing he had more concrete steps for life in general. But Sunday morning at church, Craig pointed out that knowing everything is a "faithless" life, and Daniel tuned right in and nodded along. Kristin helped him through the math and he went into this week in a great place.


Man we are so blessed.


Mimi and Poppy took all the kids Sunday morning while I worked out and did some chores. They also came over to the pool Saturday. Poppy also picked up the kids Friday after school. Mimi had a Sunday showing, Poppy has an interview with Wings on Tuesday as a sub, which he's done before voluntarily.




Aug 18
School has started. We did back to school night to meet teachers at Frontier and a walkthrough with Daniel and Nathan. All went well, kid had school Thurs and Friday and we're kinda back into routine. They're all pretty happy with their teachers, but Kristin did have request a couple changes for Daniel to be in the advanced math class and not have the football coach for advisory.


Nathan has football daily and Daniel is doing cross country. Football seems good but Nathan's leg has been hurting him and might be an injury. He's working really hard. Trey's a great motivator; they had an evening event at the high school after a 100 degree workout after school Friday, and Nathan still wanted to go.


Driving is the hard part, so many practices and such to get to. But we don't have StaffKids anymore.


Kristin was really sad about Levi moving up to Kindergarten and out of StaffKids, even distraught. Fortunately, a couple friends at work reached out - Sam and Amanda Bixler. Frontier does a new thing where kindergarteners shuffle for the first week or two before they get classrooms assigned.


Silver has a teacher we hadn't met, but she really likes her. Mrs. Bellou-Crawford. Eden's in her class. Ezra has Mrs. Knight, who we've heard great things about. Everly is in his class.


Thursday morning before school, I took Daniel to the annual breakfast at the Sorrells', this time at their new house. It was really great, especially talking with Chris, Scott, Ryan about the boys going back. Blake and Easton are doing cross country too. 


Kristin hosted a parallel breakfast for Nathan and his buddies.


We did LifeGroup at the Belyeus on Sunday with Vaughns and Cloningers. Daniel didn't go, and also missed church Sunday morning. We're being very lenient because 1) he's been doing awesome and actually wants to make it to church and 2) for this first week of school we want every possible thing to go well for him.


Mimi and Poppi took had the kids over for brunch after church; that's becoming a tradition. Though Sue is starting to do open houses with her new realtor license. On Saturday, she also ripped out the shelf above the xbox room window. That's a work in progress now, but we'd never have gotten to it if she didn't take initiative. She and Kristin went to Lowes together and got in bonding time for the project.


I've been playing a lot with the kids - regular basketball with Daniel, walks and football with Ezra, back to Duplos with Silver and Levi, which they're also using on their own.


Aug 7
Ezra had an awesome week in Chicago, somewhat following Daniel's path of riding in the model A, meeting Hardy's friend John, going to Galena and boating, meeting Ellen. They also walked a ton and went to the Willis Tower and a Sox game. He and Hardy flew in Friday and Hardy stayed til Tuesday, sleeping at a the nearby Two Hearts Inn. Ezra did really well, wasn't homesick, was chatty with relatives.
Kristin's uncle Gary was in town as well, so we hosted a couple evenings with the four older gen relatives. Gary retired 30 years ago and hasn't done much since then, but he's still with it. Hardy was up for basketball with me and Daniel and played for like 40 minutes, even after his usual morning walk of 4 miles. Daniel was impressed.


We all went to the Superman movie (minus Daniel), and Hardy took DNE to the Penn mall. The five of us also ate out at Freddy's on Monday. My work week was a little lame from hosting; I need to figure that out better.


Last Sunday, we went to LC Edmond's campus to see the Wizard of Oz exhibit. It was just Daniel, Silver, Levi. 


Tuesday, Daniel did a basketball tryout at a very competitive league at Solid Rock. I don't think he did great, but he might get invited to their regular league. Unfortunately, it'd be a huge commitment - $1,500 for the 6 month season, travel for games and practice on Sundays. 


Yesterday Switch started up, and I was floored by how much Daniel has matured. He invited Will, Mason, Joel, and Blake, and paid attention to the sermon and got Joel set up. Nathan brought DJ and Luca, so we had a full car. We are so blessed. I didn't think Daniel would even want to go, but it was like a default in his mind.


We also had Daniel's last counseling session, which was too smooth; Mark ran out of questions since Daniel seems to be in a great spot mentally. Cross country starts today, and Daniel managed to get Blake and Easton and Parker to try it. The boys got their schedules yesterday and we're trying to get Daniel out of his old football coach's advisory period to minimize stress; we'll see.


My left bicep has been hurting a lot so I'm taking a week off of pull ups. I upped my Sunday pushups to 300 but still wasn't very sore. I'm also increasing my runs a bit. I did 5 miles on Saturday and it felt pretty good, probably bc of the cooler weather. This week is back to crazy hot. We're back to pool in the evenings for this last stretch before school starts.


Kristin made Levi a paper chain to count down the days until school. He's so excited for it.


I got the A/C button replaced in the Fit; surprisingly easy fix.


Last night, Nathan told me that he sometimes has anxiety attacks and it gets hard to breathe. It was the first we'd heard of it. He's such an easy kid that I worry we overlook his needs. He's continuing to go to bed late and still get up early with lots of energy. This week he learned to make grilled cheese.


Work is going alright. I had a weird blip though - I've been dialling my assertiveness way back bc literally everyone else is an opinionated shot-caller in some regard, so I just need to build stuff. But in my mid-year review, Gaylen asked that I step it up, so I'm trying to thread the needle of deferring to others and still contributing ideas.


July 28
Friday I flew Ezra out to Chicago, then back home (after a few delays). It was pretty smooth; Ezra got right up at 4:40am, walked a half-mile with a heavy backpack to the terminal, and had the only empty seat on the plane next to him so I was able to sit with him. Hardy was in O'Hare to greet us, then we drove an hour to the Museum of Science and Industry, which is colossal. We did the coal mine tour and the Spiderman exhibit, which was perfect for Ezra. My flight delays allowed me an extra hour to check out other exhibits with them like Space and Submarine. The Uber back to the airport took 2 hours because of traffic, but the driver and I chatted the whole time about everything. Hardy is doing great and got news when we entered the museum that Sally landed her dream job, so he's really, really happy.


Wednesday, Ezra hit his chin really hard on the table while playing VR. I took him to the new Urgent Care on the corner and they did glue stitches, which didn't hold well, but at least kept it clean. It'll be a tiny scar, and didn't impede his Chicago trip. It was 40 minutes from injury to being back home.


It is weird when one of the kids isn't around. Gathering everyone to go somewhere, or setting the table. 


Hardy's been sending us photo updates of activities like baseball game, Sears (Wills?) Tower, Nutella building, Lake Michigan, movie. And it's only been a couple days. 


Friday we went to Levi's graduation. Kristin was a little emotional. It was short and sweet, and they had an awesome party with inflatables and food outside. Ezra and Silver and Mimi joined us.


We're having some trouble keeping track of Levi's glasses; Mimi got us an extra pair. 


Saturday I joined Kristin for her run to try to up my distance. I've been using RunKeeper and found I'm much slower, my last year's assumptions were right. I did 4.4 miles then finished out to 5 with Kristin's encouragement. Also did some misc cleaning and then a long time at the pool with the kids.


Sunday was church, then some of us went to the Edmond campus to check out their Wizard of Oz build and boba lemonade. In the evening, we went to the Specks for BBQ. Their neighbors Dylan and Alexis came over with kids Ivy and Asher. Silver and Levi had a blast playing with them in their new inflatable pool. Daniel and Nathan did the hot tub for a while. It was great lounging. Mimi had cohosted an open house for her realty training, and Poppi recently did chapel for Wings; he's waiting to hear back about getting hired.


I've been continuing to play basketball outside with Daniel. We took out the Duplos again and me and Levi and Silver have been playing more with those. 


I got Nathan set up with Cursor and he's started building some insanely cool stuff to interface with his 3D printer. We got a webpage running locally with tic tac toe where you can click a box and it'll print an X or O. He's taking the week off Husky Iron since Trey isn't there, but has been hustling hard. He spends hours at the pool with friends. I took him and Luca to Skyzone Saturday. I'm so excited that he's getting a taste of AI and coding.


Daniel's been doing really well, just growing in maturity, encouraging his siblings, and growing his real friendship with Nathan. He's continuing to dive into his idea for a cleaning business, so I took him to Walmart and let him buy a bunch of brushes and supplies. He commented that he never thought he'd so interested in brushes lol. I sent him a Craig Groeschel leadership podcast episode where he interviewed Dustin Tavella, and he listened to the full hour right away. He's still wrestling a bit with attitude and envy and entitlement, gets irritated with friends and siblings, but is growing into a man. He's so willing to take my input and asks for advice on life questions. 


My garage pull-up bar broke; the metal itself sheared. Fortunately, no injury. I estimate 20k personal pullups.


Kristin and I are moving forward with the long process toward construction. We're still just signing docs and trying to understand how much we'll be paying.


July 21
Yesterday was church routine, Silver waved with me. Then workout and some housework. We had Silver's friend Eden over for dinner and swimming. They get along great. At the pool, we often see a family with kids Rowan and Collins. Levi and Rowan usually play together.


Saturday was Daniel's last two basketball games. They lost both but all played great, especially Daniel. Mimi and Poppy came to both. Silver watches well and Kristin and I rotate occupying Levi.
That evening we went over to the Berry's, who hosted 6 of the bball boys plus Parker for a BBQ and sleepover. Kristin and I ended up staying and talking for an hour with the DeToros, Newmans, Sorrells, and Berrys. It was really great. I finding I have a low appetite for small talk though, I want to talk about real stuff. At least it wasn't purely sports.


The boys stayed up very late/early in the backyard tent, so Daniel came home and slept over 4 hours. Sounds like it was a great time. 


Last week, Daniel did a 3 day basketball camp at UCO, which he loved. He also took home the free throw shooting award, making 9 of 10 shots and winning the shootout. Unfortunately, the camp just plain gave the wrong time for the ceremony so we missed his award, which he was sullen about. It was 8 hours days that ended with a little sermon and prayer (despite being a secular university), and Daniel said he learned a lot. Now he says his knowledge is above his skills so he knows what to work on. Which is a relief for me since he cooks me on the driveway in 1:1 and still asks me how to improve.


Nathan's continuing Husky Iron with Trey and making the most of his days with random stuff. He's been testing his a leash a bit; yesterday he rode to CVS and bought candy without telling us. I'm also kinda proud of him for being so bold. 


I took Friday off of work, went to Mitch Park and spent some much needed time in prayer and listening. Also took Nathan for a haircut with Ezra so I could drop them at Skyzone for a couple hours; Luca joined them later and I took everyone home. Fixed the master bathroom tub knob.


One of the days, Daniel had like 5 or 6 friends over and they and Nathan and Luca all hung out, swam, went to 711 and got free food that was getting thrown out.


A new Switch 2 game came out, DK Bananza, that Ezra really wanted. So I told him I'd chip in $15 if he did 10 laps around the block, about 3 miles. He immediately did it on roller blades. That evening we bought the game, which Nathan and Levi also chipped in for. They've been playing it nonstop. Good bonding experience at first, now the source of conflict.


The cat Bella has been kinda lazy, maybe a version of depressed without Blaze around, but the kids are stepping up at occupying her. Levi randomly decided yesterday to spend a half-hour playing with her, chasing her and using a string. They still regularly ask for a new cat, but Kristin and I aren't ready.


Wednesday, Kristin went out for the eve with Andrea and Christine to a stained glass making place and made some cacti. Sounded fun, took a few hours and involved breaking glass and soldering.


Thursday Brad called bc he and Andrea has locked their keys in his truck at her parents', so I gave them a ride home and back. Glad they were comfortable reaching out.




July 14
Yesterday we repeated last week's church routine - Silver joined me for waving, then I took Daniel, Ezra, Silver and Levi to see B and B. They had a Snow White display, which was amazing. Ran into several other YouVersioners working there and the Koroms in the lobby. Then we went to the Specks for breakfast while Kristin cleaned. Nathan stayed home, but then went on a little Walmart run with me and then to Specks to get his siblings. 


Sunday's At the movies was Young Woman and the Sea, a biopic about the first woman to swim the English Channel, Trudy Ederle. Daniel said the message was his favorite ever. Pastor Craig talked about the work required to dream big, and it resonated with his desire to start a business.


We had lifegroup at the Belyeus'. Good recharging time, the littles played in the backyard pool. Was a little stressful for Kristin bc of Levi's height. Nathan's and Ezra have been connecting more with the other kids; Nathan fits right in with the nerd culture. Brad talked about his brother, Jeremy, coming out as gay, and we and Chris and Tim talked about the practical theology of it. Daniel stayed home and hung out with Joey, Joel, and Will. 


Saturday, it rained hard, so I let Daniel, Nathan, Ezra go down to the lake with Joel to play in the rushing creek. I met them down there and stayed for a couple hours. The boys built a little dam to make a "hot tub". It was so much fun, and really good for all of them. Nathan caught a skink and has been putting together a terrarium in the backyard. That morning, the boys rode over to the pet shop near Rita's to hopefully see rescue dogs and cats, but they didn't come until noon, so I drove Ezra over later.


Daniel had a basketball game Saturday than we, Levi and Silver and Specks went to. The other team only had four, and one player was special needs, but Daniel was paired against a really good kid. I thought it was a great game for him - he made some great shots and showed off moves - but he was a little disappointed. I'm stepping up my driveway game, learning how to defend and contest a little better. Daniel still scores on me every time, but at least he breaks a sweat now.


Daniel is really putting effort into his cleaning business idea. He deep-cleaned all 3 bathrooms and is doing research. Kristin bought a bunch of products for him to try. We upped his pay to $10 each. He also knocked out 12 consecutive pullups, more than double what's he ever tried before, to make some challenge money.


Got the van car battery replaced at AutoZone after it was acting up.


Ezra had some really hard episodes, hours long tantrums triggered by needing to empty the dishwasher or take a couple minute break from screens. He's had way too much screen time this summer. It's a little discouraging trying to talk to him about his attitude; he legitimately doesn't see anything wrong with his behavior. But going out and doing stuff helps a lot. We're still doing a walk every day. Friday I dragged him along to help with Winston (Silver came happily). I hope Chicago is a formative experience. His tantrums are different than Daniel's in that there's not a Jekyll / Hyde, which in some ways is easier and some is harder, since he can't "snap out of it". I took him to work on Wednesday, which worked out great. He and Silver did Whataburger with me.


I did Wednesday lunch with Nic and Eric, just routine catching up.


We hit the pool every possible day again. Chatted a little with Jenna and Nathan Murphy; Levi loves playing beside their Kenzie. The Specks took DNE out to Chick Fil A on Friday and let Ezra hang out at their place for hours.


I started using Run Keeper and found out I'm running shorter and therefore much slower than I thought. Barely hitting 8:30 miles, and my neighborhood loop is in fact 5k. Kristin's Fitbit thought it was farther. I did my Sunday workout in 13:05, no timer, crushing my old time. I did an extra set of pushups and have been doing some military presses with the firepit bricks out back, 20 lbs each. GPT said overhead presses would be a good addition.


Been playing Portal 2 since I read it was the top rated game on steam for a while.


Kristin and I are still getting good time together even with everything going on. I guess because we do so much together. We finished the latest season of The Bear. 


We're so encouraged by Daniel's progress. And I love the growing camaraderie among the kids. If Daniel and Nathan ever do a business together, they'll be able to do anything. 


Nathan is just insanely impressive how he's wired. He's up past 11 working on things, up before 7 and ready for every activity. He has unlimited energy for tasks and chores and sports, and just naturally regulates alone time and eating. 


Monday eve I helped Alex Sung put together the most complicated trampoline ever, along with Lolade, Kesed, Jonathon Santiago. Took 2 hours and so much jury rigging.


At work we had a Hackathon around Platform that was, from our perspective, a huge success. Loved it, felt so energized and actually useful.


July 7
Yesterday was regular church, Silver joined me to wave. It's At-the-Movies, so Daniel asked if we could see another campus, so while Kristin cleaned we + Specks went to Yukon. They have Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs; amazing build. I was surprised at how much the kids enjoyed it. Then we went to Specks for breakfast and Kristin met us. I left early with Daniel to workout; hit 13:30.


Daniel was feeling really down Sunday afternoon. He asked if I could join him at the gym, so despite working out, I joined him. He really pushes himself there, we had a good time. For fun I tried maxing out the bench machine and did the 247.5. Afterwards, Daniel was still really sad, said he dreams about Blaze every night and asked to go look at cats. Instead, we went to Walmart to get him a new bball. He also ordered new slides; retail therapy. I prayed and talked with him. Our relationship continues to grow, I just pray the God would give him seeds of joy. A quick answer to prayer was Daniel's friends reaching out. Will came over, then Joey. Joel and Nathan and Luca went fishing, then they all went to the pool, joined by Carter. Daniel slept over at Will's last nights.


Nathan started Husky Iron again this morning. I drove him and Trey in. He started doing backflips again yesterday. He probably did a dozen on the mat out back with Micah trying too. Saturday, he asked to go to Skyzone with Luca - they both have memberships - so I also brought Ezra and Levi and we did 2 hours. Levi was surprisingly entertained the whole time.


Saturday morning, I tried to do a long run, but only made it a slow 5 miles in the heat and humidity.


Ezra's having a really hard time lately with big emotions. We should've put him in more camps or StaffKids; he spends all day on screens. Though he does have a good time when we force him to go to the pool or for a walk. Kristin brought him into work Thursday and he sat with me; he really enjoyed that and we'll continue it. I've been too direct with him about his childish behavior. He's not ready for a "man up" talk.


I caught up with Mom yesterday for 40 minutes. Traded medical stories. She just met Jimmy and Elyssa in South Carolina for a few days then 




July 2
Continuing to do lots of pool in the evening.


Had all LifeGroup over Sunday eve; Kristin had a fun idea for a hotdogs bar with recipes per city. Me and Tim took a bunch of the kids to the pool for an hour.


Saturday me and Daniel helped the Lutzes move. He resisted at first but ended up working really hard and we had a great time. Eric and Karly had relatives helping, and Tim and Christie Watson came for a bit.


We watched the Truman Show as a family Monday night, at Nathan's request. Great movie.


I hit 7 years at LifeChurch! Longest I've worked anywhere. The team took me out to neighborhood jam. It's also our Oklahoma-versary.


Continuing to do walk and talks with Ezra, it's good for both of us all around. 


Levi lost his second tooth, right next to the first one.


Specks got back from Disney and met us for impromptu Andy's ice cream, Kristin's idea.


I did 13:45 workout




June 25
Busy season of the summer. Daniel's got bball, Nathan's doing 3 football camps, Ezra's doing a film camp, Specks are out on a cruise.


Over the weekend I did a massive garage and stuff organization. Did the usual workout stuff too. We're continuing to go to the pool every day.


Daniel's been playing a ton of Wind Waker on the Switch 2; it's very nostalgic from when I played through it. I just checked my 2017 entry in January about Wind Waker, and it was the same entry where he accepted Jesus. Levi was about the same age, so he may have those memories when he's a teenager. He's been a little down lately, hard on himself for not being productive, which leads to occasional days of doing a lot. He's taken to the summer challenges for money - he ran a fast mile, has been logging his distances to get to a marathon total, and is working on a song on the piano. He fell off his bike the afternoon before his first bball game and really messed up his hands and wrist. But he still went to the game, scored some points, and had a good time despite losing. He's working out daily, hanging out with friends, walking to stores, interacting better with Nathan, and practicing bball nonstop. And he loves spending time with me, which is the best blessing. 


Nathan is proving he's an absolute beast. He's doing Husky Iron in the morning still, then going nonstop all day, sometimes doing other camps. He stays up super late and just attacks every day; he spent hours getting his old 3D printer working, does chores, has a good gauge on when to hang with friends and when to chill, he's working out on his own. And he's working hard to be the top performer at Husky Iron.


Ezra's been doing a film camp for 2 weeks. Started a little rough, then he got more fun. Crew joined up last minute which has been absolutely clutch for both of them; he sprained his knee and needs to pause sports. We're trying to guide his nutrition and activity more. He usually goes to the pool with a little urging. I just started doing an evening walk around the block, which is great for our relationship and a little exercise. One of the evenings we ran into the Sorrells again doing some final fixing of their house before the sale. Gonna miss them. The Bacons are also moving!


We've been doing lots of ride sharing with Rio and Krista Budd. Nathan, Trey, Ezra, and Crew are hanging out after their camps at our pools and houses. For one of Nathan's evening camps, I sat by Rio and we talked a bunch.


I went on Silver's field trip to the Science Museum as a chaperone. It was about as wild as expected; they have too many boys. But we had fun, and it was good to keep connecting with Silver. We're trying to do lunch together every week, too. I was surprised that 5 year olds are in summer Staff Kids. I think Silver is doing well there. She's also very well behaved and helpful, but I usually see her alone on the playground or bball court. But I liked being alone at that age, and there are girls that like hanging out with her, so maybe it's a decision.


Levi lost his first tooth! Probably swallowed it with some pizza. He's been doing so well at the pool, really daring with the deeper parts, which is literally forcing him to swim. Kristin and I are more relaxed about it now that Silver is swimming like a champ. Levi's also an immediate friend to every kid who'll play with him. He's at the funnest age where he likes me to throw him as high as possible, and he's still light. I did 21 throws the other night, which was perfect bc ChatGPT had just told me that the best exercise to add to my routine was overhead press.


A couple weeks ago when I was on a run, I saw Nic Bryan hacking at a tree stump. He asked about Rick's pry bar, so I got Rick and we walked over with a bunch of tools. Rick stayed for four hours "helping"! 


I've been doing weekly lunches with Nic, Josh Hamilton, and Eric Lutz, whoever's available. I dunno if I click naturally, but it's a good habit to be in. I'm gonna help Eric move on Saturday.


Been playing a dumb little phone game called Polytopia at Nate Meharg's recommendation.


Work is a lot. My questions and concerns about contractors came to a head so I talked with Terry and Gaylen and our team. I'm still unsure about it, but I feel heard.


The Thunder basketball team won the championship! Big deal for OKC, finally some good national news. It went to game 7, so Kristin and I watched with all the kids. Didn't go to the parade tho.


June 16
Great weekend. Father's Day was Sunday, did usual Church routine, Silver waved with me. I got some alone time for a few chores and catching up on F1, then met up at the Specks' for BBQ for lunch. Went to the pool in the evening as usual, joined by the Bryans. Kristin had the kids draw updated pictures of themselves, like they did 3 years ago. And she got me some snack and a shirt. It was a fantastic day.


We're all still recovering a bit from sunburn on vacation, but Kristin's chest virus flared up again bc of it, and she'll need an appt.


Saturday was chill, I managed to do a run in the break from rain. There's been a ton of thunderstorms lately.


Nathan continued Husky Iron and Ezra started film camp today. Krista Budd is doing a lot of driving kids for us.


Daniel still up and down a bit, hard on himself for not achieving business things. But he has occasional high productivity days, going to the gym and mowing the lawn. He's decently nice to siblings and has been playing Wind Waker. He's been hanging out with friends every opportunity.


June 12
We got back yesterday eve from a phenomenal family vacation to Galveston. It was a great BnB in the same neighborhood as last time. The weather was amazing, water was warm, waves were big. Everyone had a great time. We walked to the beach a few times, did Schlitterbahn, Rainforest cafe, a random beach further down the island. Ate out for dinners; local Mexican place was the best. We went to the playground once, local shop a couple times, watched Top Gun and a Thunder game. Daniel hit up the basketball court a couple times. Nathan caught a fish with his bare hands, earning the $100 prize I set a couple years ago! The drive there was smooth, hit up Buc-ees, ride home was rough with lots of heavy rain and traffic.


Kids did the best ever. Daniel was in a great state of mind, helping siblings, sharing, dealing with having to move rooms. All the kids connected well with each other, lots of friendship interactions. Daniel and Nathan are starting to form more of a friendship, and they invite Ezra in. There was a lot of excitedly sharing cool shells, pointing out waves, trying food, and screens. We had a lot of screen time, but we were definitely not lazy. Kristin managed to do a couple runs; I was lazy in that, just did pushups and pullups one day.


It was pretty expensive with all the eating out, but worth it. I loved being able to go into a shop after a lot of exercise and telling the kids to pick out anything.


Bella had a rough time, peed and pooped all over the floors, despite being fed regularly by Specks and Bryans. Not helping the case to get a new kitten. 


Last week I had a weird leg pain in my right leg by my knee and panicked, thinking it might be a DVT. I went to the ER, got bloodwork, then got an ultrasound at a weird little clinic downtown supported by Zero insurance. All clear, not sure what it could've been. I'd done a Murph workout a week before that, maybe was the cause?


Bought a Switch 2; I went to Walmart at opening but didn't need to, there are plenty in stock. 




June 2
Kristin turned 40 today! She was feeling kinda down about it, but I think she's good now. We gave her gifts this morning. I just got her flowers and a card around the idea of "four teas". Andrea Belyeu and Christine Vaughn took her out on Saturday for a scavenger hunt in OKC.




May 30
Mom and Pat left after a great visit. They stayed at our place with the kids while Kristin and I went away for our 19th anniversary.


It was a perfect anniversary, we did Sunday - Tues and had Memorial Day off. We stayed at the Ellison again. Lots of intimate time together, ate great food at Barrios, Harvey Bakery, Pub W, and Hall's. And Trader Joes for some snacks. We went to Myriad Gardens on Sunday, which was gorgeous, very thoughtful garden with neat things I've never seen growing like papaya, sugar cane, star fruit, coffee. Kids would've been bored.
We went for an awesome hike, the Bison Trail in the Wichita Mts, about 1:40 away. Took us about 3 hours to do the 6ish miles. Beautiful terrain, lots of changing landscapes, wildflowers, lizards, longhorns. Never a dull moment, and we paused occasionally to check out scenery.
We watched the Thunder win a conference championship game on Wednesday. And we watched through Netflix series Court of Gold, the 2024 Olympics Basketball story. We also stopped at the downtown library, which I was curious to see bc it's huge, but it was rough, full of homeless people and smelled terrible. But it's a designated safe space. There's a coffee shop attached, "Not Your Average Joe's", which employs disabled people, so Kristin and I talked to the manager and got a couple things there.


When we got home Tuesday, we went right to Chicken and Pickle to meet up with the kids and grandparents, and Mimi and Poppy joined us later. The kids really enjoy playing. Daniel and Nathan are getting competitive, and Ezra and Silver are a good match for each other.


The kids were still really sad, especially Daniel and Nathan. I talked with Nathan past midnight the first day. Daniel called us on our trip and we talked for a half hour. Both boys are introspective, asking lots of questions about heaven, connecting dots to others who have lost loved pets and people. Daniel is still having a tough time, though he did wake up early today after several nights just scrolling through his sadness. They're looking through the photo album, and constantly asking to get a new cat. Maybe after our Galveston trip.


We got estimates and designs for an attic addition. It's way too disruptive and expensive, would require rebuilding our roof structure. I just don't believe the designer that we need to build 3-4 on top of the existing rafters to get over the HVAC ducts.


The kids have continued going to the pool every day, despite it barely breaking 70 degrees. All of them love it, and they're the only ones there. Kristin and I haven't gone in yet.


Nathan went to Switch, even though Luca was away. He fed Charlie's fish while they were away but then it died. One of their cats also brought in a dead bird. Fortunately, Kelly said not to worry about the fish. Nathan was really nervous about them being mad.


Levi's still refusing to poop on the potty; it's been a week. 


Ezra's a bit too comfortable home with his brothers, just watching shows all day. Hopefully he starts pushing himself more, but might need encouragement. At least he's drawing and making videos.


May 24
Blaze died and we are very sad. I posted on Facebook and the neighbor behind the Sorrells, Sing Tay, came over to say that his wife found a dead cat in their yard. Kristin was out with Silver, so I took the boys over. Sing had a photo, it was definitely Blaze, and I was picturing when me and Kristin found the first Blaise by the side of the road and cried together and buried him. So I was picturing letting the boys say goodbye like that. But it had been days, maybe a week, and Blaze's carcass was in bad shape. I hope that moment won't haunt them. I put him in a box and brought it to our yard. Mom and Pat happened to show up right then, along with Kristin and Silver. I wish it was just our family, but maybe it helped the kids to have grandparents there. We cried together. It's been a rough day for everyone, with many distractions and bright spots.


Me and Kristin took Blaze's body to a nearby vet for cremation and to confirm the chip while Mom and Pat watched the kids.


The pool opened, and despite the cold, the kids played for hours. Levi's reverted on potty training, so he went with Mom and Pat to the Specks since we were afraid of him pooping in the pool. I walked to the pool with Daniel and met Nathan walking back, but he decided to come with us. Both boys were really sad and it was good to walk together. Avery, Ansen, Luca came to the pool to play. Silver and Ezra played together, then started to get bored, then joined in with the older boys. Kristin and I just watched. We left, but Nathan stayed when Knox came.


We all went to the Specks for dinner. Poppi just got home from a "Wings" camp, helping disabled kids for 3 days. We watched some youtube and part of an atrocious Thunder game. The kids went into the hot tub for a bit. Levi finally did a huge poop on the potty.


They're all still processing losing Blaze. It hasn't even been a day. I'm so much sadder than I expected; it's compounded by the kids feeling loss. Daniel went for a night run. He and Nathan each are looking at photos of Blaze. But they process very openly. We are so blessed to have these raw conversations with the kids about souls and heaven and sadness. I made a photo album and am going to consolidate their photos.


May 20
Daniel had another counseling session yesterday and it was the best one yet, also bc of our convo in the car. He's thinking more deeply about his faith and how to love friends. I also heard him explaining the gospel to Levi. He's got a lot of work ahead, especially in waking up in the morning at all, but he's growing a lot and getting more mentally healthy. He finished school like a week early, got solid Bs and a C in phys ed. He can do better but this is so good relative to where he started.


Sunday morning was really rough for Kristin with the kids, but got better. We're also dealing with high emotions and fragility from Ezra, seems like lingering PANDAS stuff. He's also been feeling guilty about little things at school, like happening to glance at a classmates paper or getting a second treat. And he's gained almost 30 pounds the last 6 months or so; he weighs as much as Nathan. So we're trying to get his eating under control. Hopefully he's about to have a growth spurt.


Mom and Pat arrived Sunday afternoon, a day ahead of schedule. So we canceled a hangout with the Vaughns and also had Mim and Poppi over. The kids still have school through Wednesday, so they took out just Levi yesterday and I dropped off Daniel after counseling. They brought the kids Legos and puzzles, which Levi absolutely loves, and Daniel and Nathan also spent hours assembling their Lego vintage radios.


The older boys have had friends over nonstop. Saturday at 10am, Nathan had 5 buddies over. Will, Ansen, and Avery have been regulars for Daniel, who also went to Switch last week with Mason.


The Sorrells are moving to Fallbrook. They still have a garage full of kittens along with all the moving boxes. They're the last of Daniel's fellow 1st graders. We're gonna miss having them around, but we never did get very close with them, despite so many interactions and teams and carpooling. Graham is also moving.


We're getting estimates on a finished attic, and at the suggestion of the designer, an alternative of a home extension into the yard. We'd do a home equity loan, so we're learning about that. It'd be great to have more bedrooms, especially with Daniel and Nathan in different time zones. I'm going to pray for Daniel to be able to wake up early.


Blaze has been missing for 4 days, kinda concerning.


Kristin told me that she's having a really, really rough time with feeling underappreciated, especially by the kids. She bought herself some 40th bday gifts she wants me to have them give her, to learn how to appreciate. No one did anything for Mother's Day outside of classroom projects. I'm having a hard time understanding the line of what's spoiled and entitled, but I'm not wired that way. Her resort trip to Miami is not something I could do in good conscience, but I have done guys trips away.


I did my Sunday workout in 9 sets at last, in 13:18. The previous week I was able to do it in 8 sets, but just under 15 minutes.


We went to Nathan's choir performance at North, minus Daniel. Lots of waiting around but we had fun playing in the dirt outside lol. He also got to go to Incredible Pizza with his class. He's finishing the year really strong. The kid has sooo much energy, and is constantly improving himself at just about everything.


Daniel invited Nathan to the gym last week so I showed him some exercises and how to use most of the machines. Daniel helped him out too.


Brad Belyeu gave us 6 tickets to the Thunder Conference Finals game tonight. That's like $3k. Kristin really wanted to go to a game and this is just insane generosity. We're gonna take DNE and Pat. 




May 12
Saturday we had Ezra's bday party a month late at Riversport Adventures. Just Watson, Landon, and Crew. Plus me, Kristin, Silver, Levi. It was a blast. We just did the climbing activities and some esports. Ezra has zero fear of heights. Silver and Levi had the time of their lives on the playgrounds. We ended at McDonald's. Great party, and most importantly, Ezra loved it. Crew hung out at our place before and after bc of Trey's sports, and Ezra still wanted to hang out with him more. Rio recently lost his job and just had his truck broken into while in Dallas so Kristin and I are praying for them and looking for ways to help.


Daniel and Nathan each had friends over. They're all in a trampoline phase. Nathan landed a backflip on the ground on Friday! It was shortly after he got a followup xray and doctors instructions to wear the cast a couple more weeks. Saturday afternoon, Kristin made a charcuterie tray for Britney bc she's working campus weekends now, so the Bryans all came over that eve to chat while the kids played.


Daniel had some regression Sunday, missing church, sleeping way late and inviting Avery over after I banned friends. But he had a weird day before. His buddies were messing with each other, and Luke slapped Daniel hard in the face. Daniel was extremely restrained and forgave Luke. He told me he wanted to be a good influence in front of Ansen bc he's not a Christian. Goodness the kid really impresses me sometimes. But I still punished Daniel for sleeping through church and took Avery right home, and Daniel was angry. When I called him out, he got depressed and interpreted it as him being a failure at everything. We talked it out, I'm trying to find the balance. I've been primed through conversations with other guys to be thinking of this manhood track as being, "we can do hard things" and moving on to, "being others focused", which for Daniel is a huge hurdle. He has little motivation to do anything purely for others.


He did finish school today! Bs and a C. He could do so much better, and has the time, just doesn't care.


We're starting to work on Ezra's diet more. He's the same weight as Nathan and has been eating too much, especially junk. But he's still very active.


Yesterday was Mother's Day. Kristin made a brunch casserole and we had the Specks over. 


I did a video chat with a couple people at Spero, which helps refugees. I'm working through the training videos, gradually seeing where this goes.


Last Saturday we went to the Edmond Arts Festival and brought Luca. It was a good time, lots of food trucks and interesting art. Also went to Frontier's end-of-year bash Friday. Very similar.


May 1 I went on Ezra's field trip to the Cowboy museum. It's an incredible place, was very fun. The intro cooking demo was too long, though. Ezra and his crew ran nonstop through the place, not a moment to read a placard or learn. But it was fun to see him with so many friends. When it's time for birthdays, he only wants to invite old staffkids friends, and he's not into sports or online games, so it's reassuring to see him thriving socially.


We had a ton of rain a few weeks ago. I took the younger kids to the creek to play and throw rocks. Messy fun.


Levi's class had baby chicks for a bit. Also in animal new, the Sorrells accidentally adopted the neighborhood cat that we call "Shadow", who was pregnant with 6-7 babies that are now kittens who've taken over their garage.


Kristin and I are discussing getting the attic converted into some rooms. We've gotten 3 estimates so far, and are considering a home equity loan.




May 3
Spero volunteer: https://canvas.instructure.com/courses/7678265/modules/items/94194857




April 28
Kristin ran her marathon yesterday! She slept at her parents, started running at 7am, finished around 12:30. I took the kids to church, then they (minus Daniel) went to the Specks while I went downtown to cheer on Kristin. I met her a little after mile 20, then 22, then walked along for the last mile. I'm so impressed and proud of her. Christine Vaughn and Ella Faulk also met her at different markers. And the Bryans brought over a gift basket to celebrate her; she's got some great friends. We went to Icehouse with the Specks in the evening for dinner; really great family time.


I've been waking up at 6am to do a walk around the lake; trying to increase my productive time and decrease night scrolling. No real gains yet, just more tired, but I need an anchor point for habit stacking, so I'm starting with more time with God. No screens allowed.


We had to reschedule Ezra's bday party due to thunderstorms. He took it well; we got McDonald's for lunch. He has been having explosive, petulant tantrums almost daily. The littlest things set him off, and it's really hard to be compassionate.


Saturday I did a bunch of misc chores.


Good time with kids throughout the week, we did local playground, lots of driving Daniel around. I took Daniel to counseling this week, and he wanted me to sit in. Daniel's wrestling against his own self discipline. He's made good progress this week in getting schoolwork done and reading his book. His back started hurting again, but he's still lifting and doing adventures with friends.


Nathan's been tinkering with an xbox case-modding idea for his old console. He's using power tools and designing 3D prints. He's such an impressive kid, he's just got endless energy for activating and learning.


Ezra's also continuing with his video making. He's trying to spin off another channel devoted to Gorilla Tag. I just gotta get Youtube verified, which means renewing my driver's license, which has been a chore.


Work is good. I went out to lunch with Joseph Meade to get to know him better. We're in a similar phase of life, except they're trying to have kids. But we think similarly. 




April 21
Nathan broke his wrist Thursday afternoon being a daredevil and jumping over the trampoline net. Luca was his accomplice. He called me immediately and knew it was broken. Right wrist, radius, just like exactly a year ago with flag football. We got a voucher for Oklahoma ER, where they x-rayed and wrapped him up. He did great. The next day, Friday, I had off, so we drove downtown to Ortho Plus and saw the same crew as last year to get a new cast. Amazingly quick and easy and relatively cheap, all told. And the best part was getting so much time together with Nathan.


Daniel had Cotillion Friday evening, so we went over to the DelToros to meet up with Channing, Will, Coen, Blake, Easton, Joey. Took some pictures and snacked; Levi bounced on their trampoline. I picked up the boys that evening. They all said it was super boring, unfortunately. But they got to experience dressing fancy at a golf club.


We had the Millays over for Easter dinner - Kesed, Dannica (pronounced Donnica), Lucy (Silver's age), Beneia (Ben-i-uh, Levi's age), and their Levi, who's 2. Great time, kids got along perfectly, Daniel and Nathan were incredibly sweet with littlest Levi, like unbelievably good with him. They moved from North Carolina, Kesed was with Billy Graham and Donnica works for a nonprofit that assists refugees. She mentioned local group "Spero" that works with refugees.


It was Easter weekend, so I waved Sunday and Kristin cleaned a couple services. We had the Vaughns over Saturday eve after going to the 3:30pm service together. Really great time, kids played well, easy fun talking. I waved before the service with Josh Hamilton. We talked about Daniel's struggles, and Josh said that he's on antidepression meds, and has struggled the last couple years. Lately, his wife Jenn has dealt with the passing of her dad and best friend, and has been feeling down.


It was rainy all weekend, but we had a good time socializing. Daniel was in a decent mood.


I did some work on the Routiner Dashboard; I'd like to publish that. Been reading Deep Work and now Give and Take. Both have convicted me to free up more time by being more disciplined, so I'm going to try to walk a mile at 6am daily. I'm convinced that my thinking work has great value, and God's called me to use that.




April 13
Ezra turned 10! We had Mimi and Poppy over for cake. We're putting together a party and Riversport Adventures, Ezra's request. Despite him apparently having friends at school, he only want to invite a couple old StaffKids buddies. Not sure what to think of that. He's got a bunch of money for his bday. He's doing incredibly well with his YouTube channel. He's just so wired for success, making regular videos, using the "coming soon" feature, remixing, trying shorts while working on long videos. He's commenting and following other small creators, trying new techniques. He even wants to collaborate. 


Kristin officially got a new role as a Sr. Data Engineer! I'm so proud of her. She's been wanting to do that work since the data team was formed, and has been trying to move into it for over a year. The final interview was great, Chris K, Rebecca M, Kasey. She'll start after the Easter data rush.


Kristin went away to Miami with Lindsay for their 40th. She comes home tomorrow afternoon. It was a very busy weekend solo parenting. Thursday eve I took the kids + Jett to Cici's pizza. Daniel had to be convinced, so I recommended he try Cava, which I also got. The kids ate a ton and had a great time even without the arcade. Then we walked to 5 Below and I let everyone get one thing, with a no-food rule. Levi got a very budget version of Rock-em Sock-em Robots, which he enjoyed well beyond the $5.


Friday I took ESL to Bobby's firepit. They had an enormous egg hunt and lots of food. Chatted a bit with Kesed and his wife, Donnica. Their daughter, Lucy, is Silver's age and they have a 2yo named Levi and a 5 yo boy. Silver and Lucy played a bunch. Ezra ended up playing with Levi George and Cohen Cutter and Elijah Walcjak. Also chatted with Ian (Cassidy husband) and Dan Luk and Tyron. 


Saturday, I did the grocery trip, let Winston in after sending Nathan to let him out. Then I drove around to take Daniel, Nathan, Joel, Mason, Jett, and William to Icon to see the Minecraft movie. ESL saw it last week, and since then it's become a meme. When we went last Saturday, the theater was so much fun. It was packed, and everyone laughed and cheered and quoted lines. So Daniel and Nathan changed their minds, especially after all the viral videos of raucous theaters. There showing was at 10am, strategically so I could get it done early, and apparently dull. Then they walked to Braum's where I picked everyone up. Today, Daniel, Nathan, and Ezra all started playing Minecraft again and roped in their friends. I talked with Joel's dad, Charles, a bit and traded numbers.


Also Saturday, Mimi and Poppy picked up ESL and took them to their neighborhood Easter egg hunt, then had them stay for a sleepover. Ezra got in a fight with Silver and punched her, so Poppy lectured him, so Ezra felt embarrassed enough to come home. I took away his YouTube for the remaining two hours of the day and he absolutely lost his mind. Combo of tired and selfish and too much candy.


Daniel went to Ansen's; Vanessa Berry picked him up. Apparently they went to a sketchy basketball place in Bethany, just Daniel, Blake, Ansen, and Luke. Daniel said they were a little nervous. He begged to sleep over at Ansen's a couple times, which I rejected, then ended up coming home early anyhow. Sounds like Ansen didn't want people over. Daniel's been in a good mood with me, and super helpful with Levi, getting along decently with Nathan, but he's not able to do any responsibilities. He's really struggling to get up on time and I'm not asking him to do chores anymore. He and his counselor set up a card to see if he can get up by 8:30am every day, which he's missed a few on. But he is listening to a book I recommended, "The Infinite Game", and pushes himself to work out a lot. 


Ezra and I were the only ones who went to church, then went to the Specks to get SL. Ezra didn't want to come in, but I pushed him so he could get closure on his embarrassment.


Sunday afternoon, I took Levi and Silver to the Y, and Daniel to work out. SL and I did the playground, and I wanted to do a trail but they usually like to hunker down. To my surprised, they asked to explore the trail, so we walked around, probably about a mile. We sat and ate apples and watched birds and stopped at some little features. Silver eventually complained she was too tired to walk, but then played on the ropes playground a bunch.


Nathan's allergies have been the worst ever this week. All the kids have headaches (except resilient Levi), and Nathan and Ezra's eyes have been bloodshot. Still, Nathan has superhuman energy, working on his backflips and adventuring with Jett. He and I ordered a cheap keyboard on Ali Express.


At Nathan's request, I read "Refugee" by Alan Gratz. It's a heart-wrenching historical fiction. In my mind it's a very important book, making you feel injustice and tragedy and sympathize for refugees.


Blaze caught a smallish rabbit on Friday and another on Saturday.


Last we was LifeGroup at the Belyeus, just us and the Vaughns. Working with Brad has been fun. 


I'm chipping away at my dashboard Routiner code. I'd like to blog about that and make it available for others. I'm surprised no one's made something like it yet.


I've been reading more productivity books that have convinced me I need to go to bed earlier to wake up earlier.




Mar 31
Had a great week back to school. Weather was awesome, we got a lot of time outside before more cold days.


Wednesday we went to the Specks for pizza and BBQ to celebrate Shawn's 69th bday. All the kids came. I took Daniel and Nathan to Switch, who both wanted to go even though we weren't picking up friends. Praise God. Daniel convinced Will and Mason to meet him there. 


The Specks continue to give us a lot of help. Saturday even, they watched the kids while me and Kristin did a date night. We went to a new Peruvian restaurant in OKC called Tayta, which was great, then walked around the Tulip Festival at Myriad Gardens. We sat on a bench in the great weather and just watched people and enjoyed each others' company. That morning, Kristin ran 19 miles (!!!) so I joined in for 4 and Daniel joined her for the last 1.5, pushing her along. I'm overwhelmed with gratitude at the life and family and experiences we're having.


Nathan continues to design more 3D prints; he's working on keyboard keys with all the parts, including a spring, being printed.


Ezra is crushing it with youtube videos. He's posting almost daily, trying new ideas for shorts and watching animators to learn. This weekend, one of his shorts got 1.2k views. He's monitoring the analytics obsessively. He has literally every component of a successful content creator - high output, lots of learning, desire to engage community, watching metrics, planning ahead. He still has some really high emotions around perceived unfairness and being asked to do chores, but Kristin and I are getting more patient. We also had fun with his idea to pull the wagon behind his electric scooter, so I rode the scooter and pulled him. Then I pushed him down the hill a few times and video'd it.


Silver and Levi are playing a ton. They love being together and miss each other. Drawing, stuffed animal imagination, playing on trampoline, dress up. I've been back on the trampoline more lately with them.


Last night, we all went over to the Vaughns. Despite protests, Daniel and Nathan had a good time. We had pizza and smoothies, did a Mario Kart tourney, played a game called Boomerang Fu, tinkered with piano and guitar. 


This morning, Daniel got up early and Kristin dropped him at the Y. He was gonna walk home but got a ride from Scott Newman.


TV repair couple came and fixed the tv Sat morning.


I did a few mini projects - drawer pull on kitchen trash, fixed laundry barn door and track, fixed front faucet.


Finished watching Severance season 2 and played too much Balatro.


Mar 24
Just finished spring break. We did a day trip to Tulsa to the aquarium and Gathering Place. It was really fun. The older boys needed inspiration at the playground bc they felt bored, but it was an awesome, fun family time. Memories were made. In particular, Daniel and Nathan had fun pushing each of us on a giant swing, where they'd then grab onto the swing and ride it into the air a bit.


We did an evening at Living Spaces furniture store, joined by Mimi and Poppy. It's a crazy big place, Silver and Levi loved play area, we all got snacks and the our fam got Fuzzy's for dinner, which the kids loved. 


We went down to the neighborhood stream yesterday and played for a while in the great weather. Daniel joined in and we threw a football around.


Nathan and Daniel both went to Joel's bday party at Main Event then back to his house. Joel's parents, dad Charles, drove up to our place while I was outside with the littles; apparently Daniel went to Will's and Nathan to Jett's so they wanted to make sure everyone was home alright.


Kristin took Levi to Canon's bday party at Kidz Funtown.


Mimi and Poppy were so helpful all week. They took ESL to their place for breakfast, which they also did last week (plus Daniel). They helped paint DN room after Silver's. Poppy had another vertigo attack which lasted a couple days, but seems to be doing better. He's applying for a catering job.


Mimi's work is still too crazy (greedy doc cramming schedule), but it's sort of a slow season. Last month, she helped a "secret shopper" from corporate and got to share some of her thoughts and ideas.


Daniel is wrestling with depression and insecurity all the time, and it comes out as short temper, demands, laziness. But he's also been so good with his siblings, leading them in laughter and kitchen experiments. Sunday he missed


Mar 19
Kristin just talked with our sister-in-law Renee. Apparently their marriage is at rock bottom, and has been spiralling down for a long time. She says Billy is always angry and depressed, has loud outbursts at the kids and her, is too rough with the kids, and cheated on a deployment or training or something. They tried some counseling.
It's so much worse than I'd even imagined. Billy mentioned that his service had been hard on his marriage. 




Mar 18
Spring break, we're letting Ezra, Nathan, Daniel stay at home. Kristin took off Wed, Thur, Fri and I'm gonna take Thur, Fri. The plan is to do a Tulsa day trip Thurs.


Over the weekend I set up a youtube channel for Ezra. He's been making and posting videos multiple times a day. The original goal to him was to make a year's worth of content, I'd suggested 52, but he asked to do 12 animations like other creators. 


Daniel had a great second counseling session. The counselor, Mark, appeared to be all over the place conversationally, but was able to home in on Daniel's sadness and phone use. By the end, Daniel agreed to give up his phone at night until morning. We've had a couple fights, but the last week he only had his phone once. I'm grateful and amazed that this one thing I was hoping to do was exactly the outcome, with no intervention from me. I'm also sad to hear how often Daniel is sad.


Ezra's "friend", Crew, was posting mean comments on his youtube yesterday, so Daniel called Crew and told him to stop, and showed Ezra how to delete the comments. Daniel also helped Ezra totally rearrange his room.


Just took the older boys to Big Biscuit.


Silver and Ezra went to Bingo Night at school. Both of them won, fortunately.


We've had some insanely strong winds, made the sky dusty and blew a pool pavilion over the fence. There were some local fires. The next couple days are gonna continue to be windy.


Mimi and Poppy painted Silver's room over a couple days.


At work, R&D is moving up to the 3rd floor to sit with the Platform team. Tim's a little stressed, and it'll be less comfy for sure, but I'm good.


Kristin is making moves to see about joining Data Engineering. I'm excited for her, and pray that it blesses everyone and gives her a new joy at work.


I did a lunch with Eric L, Josh H, and Nic. Hopefully that'll continue.


Mar 10
Very active weekend, but no official events. Nathan and Luca did a sleepover at Jett's but ended up leaving at 4am, couldn't call me, went to Luca's house. Nathan napped later. I was pretty frustrated with the Google Family Link app for not letting him call me.


Silver and Levi played at Mills and Luka's yesterday with Levi George for a while. The weather was awesome. They ended up over here playing with Nathan and friends. Joel and Avery were over.


Daniel had a rough Sunday morning, crying and sad because I commented that he couldn't try to keep Nathan out. It was daylight savings so we went to the 10am. I'm really glad that instead of leaving without it, I sat and talked and explained the parable of the 99 sheep, how Daniel is my 1. It was a good insight for me. The sermon, from magician Dustin Tabella, was so relevant for Daniel, about depression and finding worth. He ended up having a decent day.


Kristin ran 16 miles, still has energy to do everything needed. I did my usual run and workout. Saturday was cold and rainy, which weirdly made the kids want to play outside and on the trampoline.


I published a 2nd blog article and posted the first one on X. I haven't seen anyone talking about AI the way I'm thinking about it, anthropologically. Also bought a bread maker.


I finished reading "The Infinite Game", but Simon Senek. Really, really powerful.


Mar 6
Saturday, we had a few of Nathan's buddies over for an informal party - Carter, Luca, Jett, Isaac, Asher. Kristin accidentally texted the wrong "Nicole" with an invite, but it worked out great that Asher came. 


That morning, Jett came over to play with Nathan. His mom, Stephanie, called Kristin to tell her that they'd shared with Jett that they're getting divorced. Jett told his mom he needed to go for a walk, and came over to see Nathan. He ended up joining us for communion. So proud of Nathan for being a great friend. They've been playing a bunch lately. 


Yesterday, Daniel was feeling pretty down. Kristin is giving him so much time and help with school. She dropped him off at Ross on her way in and I picked him up at Target. He can't figure out how to navigate little problems with schoolwork; he always needs one of us to re-read instructions or google something. Kasey Mars recommended a supplement that might help with serotonin (or be an effective placebo), GABA, so I got some of that. Daniel said it helps a little. I took him to the Y to workout yesterday evening. He's really sweet with Levi, teaching him how to fight and play Fortnite.


Kristin had a really rough few day this week; she got an unexpectedly mediocre year-end review from her leader, Tony, and took it very personally. IMO if someone is surprised by a review, that's on the leader, and Tony is clearly not invested in her development or much of the team's work. They did talk, but she's still kinda down. She went running with Britney Bryan last night. Britney had just finished a really stressful job interview for OKC Campus Assoc Children's Paster, and accepted the job. I hosted Mills, who just played with Silver and Levi.


Kristin's been keeping up great with running. She did 15 miles on Saturday, ran to Mitch park, did a couple laps with Ella, ran home.


Nathan got a bunch of birthday money, so I took him to Walmart to buy a Quest 3s. He's been playing a bunch, but it hasn't been disruptive. He's still printing stuff nonstop, mitigating some printer issues, and I'm happy to supply the filament.


Ezra has started a couple fun side projects with friends at school. He's doing 3D models in TinkerCad at school, and trying stuff in Blender. They're drawing, writing scripts, making videos, group chatting, and he's kinda directing the whole thing.


I've been doing more morning shifts, so getting good time with Levi, establishing our own get-to-office-early routine. I met with Nic for coffee this morning, lots to talk about with year end reviews and Kristin and Britney work stuff.


My review was great, Terry rated me "extremely effective" and I got a 6% bump, Kristin also got a 4.9%. We did the taxes on Saturday and owed like $2,600.


Last Thursday, Silver did her school singing program. All the classes were kinds of dogs; Silver's was huskies. It was short and fun, and she'd been looking forward to it for months. There were a few YouVersion families there - Dan Corey, Josh H, Nic Bryan. Us and the Hamiltons went out for ice cream after, with Levi in tow.


Feb 26
Today Nathan turned 12! Despite the "to old for parties", we've still given him a steady stream of gifts, and invited some of his friends over for Saturday. He got a couple rolls of filament, including TPU, which he used to make a croc, and an airless basketball, which we now have 4 of. He, Daniel, and Silver are constantly dribbling them around the house. Nathan started asking about going to a Thunder game the last couple weeks. He had 2 basketball tournaments the last couple weekends to end the season. They won the YMCA one, easily. Then was a state one, which they lost surprisingly quickly. The Specks went to a bunch and helped with kids. On Monday, I got Thunder tickets and took Nathan, Ezra, and Daniel out. It was an unfortunate game where they lost in overtime, but the boys had a lot of fun, got DipNDots and McDonalds and stayed out really late. The weather was great. Ezra said that walking in the city at night made him "feel free".


Ezra's taking animation even more seriously, and now he's 3D modeling. He's grown more friendships at school, and is regularly on calls, brainstorming and doing art. Huge blessing. He's still got some big emotions and defiance, but we love that he's building up confidence and identity. We got back to throwing a football and frisbee over the weekend when the weather got nice.


I let Ezra and Nathan go to CVS together. First outing for Ezra, and good opportunity for them to connect together.


We had a streak of way too cold days. It was really rough with Daniel trying to do virtual. Fortunately, with the onset of warm weather and getting a bit ahead in school, Daniel's had a great couple days. Monday, I took him to his first counselor visit with Mark something. Daniel was adamant that he wouldn't say a word, but I prayed about it, and God blessed Daniel with peace. He opened up immediately, despite the counselors awkward cadence, and talked for 40 minutes. It was great to have a chance to talk about who Daniel is, to really encourage him and point out his strengths. I learned that Daniel usually feels a little sad, more than I thought, but also that he has confidence in some of his skills, especially math. He got a 92% on a big test yesterday. Poppy has come over a couple mornings to help out and will be doing that regularly. He took Daniel to the mall as a reward for work yesterday. 


Daniel's fortunately had lots of friend time still. Avery, Will, Joey, Joel, and Mason. 


Nathan has Luca and Jett as usual. He's been playing basketball regularly, working on his shots on the driveway. Unlike Daniel, he prefers to do it alone. It was interesting that he waited until after the season to start practicing. Yesterday, despite extremely low sleep, he decided to bake cookies, and did a great job. His energy levels and motivation are incredible.


Silver has also started making videos. It's adorable. She's just using the old phone camera and recording like 10 minutes at a time. She wrote lyrics to a theme song that she starts off singing. She asked to do Funny Dog again for the first time in a while, which Levi happily joined. Her basketball season ended a couple weeks ago, and she said it was her favorite. So we're a basketball family. She's got a school musical coming up, and she's sooo excited for it! She's been singing the songs for months and was upset when it was delayed for snow. Her brothers all despised the musicals, so this is a nice change. 


I've been doing more work mornings with Levi, and we've updated our routine to include ping pong. It's a good way to get more time together. I feel so busy trying to keep up with Daniel's new schedule and help more with chores.


Kristin's running is at a new level. She did 14 miles last weekend, and will increase by 1 until the marathon. But she does it in the morning and still has lots of energy. Some days have been quitting mentality still, but her new leader, Erik, is an incredible blessing of encouragement. 


Last Friday morning, I met with Nic Bryan for coffee (tea), just to start a routine of meeting. I've been feeling the need for more socializing. He invited me to join his newly-formed group of Josh Hamilton and Eric Lutz, so I said yes. If God is pushing me to community, I need to say yes more.


We had LifeGroup Sunday at the Belyeus. Daniel fought it and hated being there, but at least went. The other kids didn't want to go, but then they wanted to stay longer. It's refreshing, nice to just talk, but I wish the connections were deeper. Chris, Brad, and Tim just have a deeper history.


At work, and a bit at home, I've been tinkering with fun Bible hardware. Mike Veldink's background is in hardware engineering, so he's gonna help a bunch. 


Terry's been my leader for 3 years, and it's been the best, but now Gaylen is going to lead R&D.


Feb 17
We have an unfortunate streak of school holidays and snow days. Today is President's Day, so all kids are home, will Levi and Silver at StaffKids. Tues and Wed look like they're gonna be remote for ice storms. Which makes managing Daniel's school so much harder. We're 


Feb 14
Levi turned 5! Unfortunately, he was a little sick on his birthday, the first fever we can remember. But the day before was the Super Bowl, so the Specks came over and we did cake and presents at half time. The Eagles won, so bonus excitement. The whole time, all our kids played together, with Daniel as an unusually kind ringleader. That was a top 5 day in being a parent for me. They all played on the trampoline, did basketball out front, played with Levi's new toys. For most of the 4 hour Super Bowl.


Daniel moved to virtual school last Friday, the 7th. This has been the hardest week of parenting, huge strain on everyone. Kristin's written her resignation letter, Ezra is constantly acting like a 2 year old, Specks have made no offer to help; Shawn is looking for things to fill his time.
And though I'm usually the pessimist, I thought virtual would be easier, but Daniel has been a consistent pain every step of the way, flipping between angry and depressed, making progress an uphill battle or totally impossible. In the moments, I'm frustrated; deeper, I'm either hopeful or willful avoiding really thinking about it. We're worried he's just going be jobless for life. I hope God has bigger plans for him. He's also kind of sort of sick this week, like he often is. So Virtual was definitely the right move. 


I also took him to an orthopedic doctor - he got an xray showing that he'd broken his pinky above the knuckle. Fortunately, the doc said it was healing and didn't even need a brace, except during contact sports.


Last week, Kristin and I met with the guidance counselor Lindsay Descher at her office. She was really great, explained how the virtual teachers and principal operate out of Cheyenne. Kristin DeTorro has been giving Kristin advice.


I'm not going to give up. Ezra is getting the dregs of my attention and needs a lot more. I have enough energy and time if I can be disciplined and responsible, which admittedly I have a long way to grow in.


We had more basketball last Saturday, Silver's last two games. She ended up loving it and wants to play again next year. She's been dribbling balls around the house all the time now. I've gotten good 1:1 time with her this week - we did our usual waving on Sunday morning, and she came into the office with me yesterday. Tim and David are out, so Silver and I worked on her Valentines cards and homework and went out to Braum's.


Nathan's team is in the playoffs and won their first game last night.
I got Nathan TPU filament as an early birthday gift, and he immediately printed a croc, which turned out pretty good. He's been so self-sufficient, getting work done and constantly having friends over, which admittedly is a strain on the other kids. But we want him to be celebrated for so much success.


Ezra is playing with Crew all the time, which has not been good for his emotions. Ezra told me last night, after feeling left out of younger siblings bball, "I'm proud of being bad at sports." I want to foster his creativity in a healthy way. Ezra's still making tons of videos, and made a little ad for YouVersion - https://photos.app.goo.gl/4f14hFjZs3YdpSA69


We had a little ice storm this week, so the kids were all virtual for 2 days. That sucked. Kristin took Ezra and Silver in one day, and they loved the calm of the office.


I got a weight vest and have started to use it on Thursday high reps days so it doesn't take as long. 40 pushups at 24lbs feels like 60 regular, and 11 pull-ups = 18.


Feb 13
-- Chat w Chauncey --
Overstimulation from games
CBT Cognitive Behavioral Therapy
504 Plan - ability to call parents during the day.
Get a goal. Let's do something.
Be bulletproof as a parent.
Kylie, Lilly, Matthew
God gave us a Spirit of Power, Love, Self Control




Feb 4
LifeGroup was Sunday at our place; Kristin put together a cheesesteak dinner that was augmented with cheesecake and other dairy. Everyone but Rajs came, very fun.


Daniel's had a very rough week. Refused school last Monday and Tuesday. We had a meeting with his counselor, Lindsay Descher, which was fantastic. I think we now understand Virtual Enrollment, which has its own teachers and principal and does 2 classes at a time in a 6 week cycle. Yesterday, I took him in late bc of emotions, and last night he got a stomach bug and stayed home again. I took him to get a haircut last night at Barber TK, a cool little booth-filled shop near the college. He's been hanging with friends and reading the entrepreneurship book I got him. But he needs a lot of encouragement. It's a disability, and we're fighting the lies, not Daniel. 


I took Daniel to get an xray, his left pinky is broken just above the knuckle growth plate. We'll see ortho doc next Monday. 


Mom flew home Sunday morning. Great visit, she did so much, made the whole week of OSM possible for us. She and the Specks did a bunch of stuff together - playgrounds, Mufasa movie, dinner. No idea what her thoughts are on getting a place out here, whether time with the Specks showed her she already has a place or should get one too. We did church and donuts before I took her to the airport.


I did Sunday workout with a weight vest, just 8lbs to start. It was tough, just over 20 minutes.


Saturday we had 3 basketball games for Silver, Nathan, Daniel. Daniel played with the hurt finger. 


Nathan did a sleepover at Jett's. They've been hanging out a lot more lately. We got Nathan a "new" phone, another Pixel 6a, and it's made all the difference. He actually keep it on him and charged and has been making videos.


OSM at work was my favorite so far, very encouraging. Kristin and I did a Hero Workout with Andrew Koss, the "Hyrox" I think. We were sore for at least 3 days after.


I did a lunch with Alex Klebanov from Google; he's at an introspective crossroads, making too much money to leave but craving more purpose.


Jan 27
Mom flew in Saturday afternoon, after a few delayed flights starting Friday. We had a great weekend with her and the Specks. 


Silver's bday was Saturday; she's 8! She also scored her first basket that morning! 


Nathan had 2 bball games, Daniel had one. Specks went to various games and Mom was only able to go to Daniels. We watched the Eagles game on Sunday with Mom, then Specks joined for the Chiefs game. Superbowl will be Eagles v Chiefs again. Mom took Daniel and Ezra out to the Nike outlets at night.


Today started badly. Daniel refused to go to school again, weepy and stressed. Ezra's a mess bc Mom is taking Silver out for a birthday adventure. Kristin got minimal sleep bc Levi work her at 3am, and she's got a lot at work.


Daniel messed up his finger pretty bad playing bball with William and Avery right before his game. I need to take him to get that looked at.


Jan 22
Silver had her bday party Saturday, 5 friends came over including Amaya and Lenin. They played great, ignored the movie and chased the cats and did hide-and-go-seek. Mimi and Poppy watched Nathan, Ezra, Levi. Daniel went to his friend Ansen's. She got a weirdly inflamed side of neck at LifeGroup, so I took her to doc the next day and we got antibiotics. Seems to be doing better.


Daniel's been hanging out with Avery regularly again, also Will and Eli. Ansen is a new-ish friend. I dropped him off there, but his parents only speak Chinese. Daniel's been tutoring Will on math over xbox. He's been really helpful lately. He went with us to Silver's bball game at the Rankin Y and had an eye Dr appt with Levi. Was great and patient at both places.


Nathan is printing Squid Games gear and selling them at school. It's ironic because Daniel keeps reading and asking about how to start businesses, learning about economics and frustrated that there isn't a clear path to follow. Nathan's been hanging out with Jett again and Luca as usual. They all went to Switch last week; I guess his friends were meeting up with some girls.


Levi had an eye doctor appointment and they found he's only really using one eye, so he'll get glasses to strengthen the other one.


I hung a barn door on the laundry room yesterday. Great idea from Kristin.


We went to LifeGroup Sunday, minus Daniel. Kids all complained but had a great time anyway.


Billy called and we talked for an hour. He's at a company that builds server farms, strategizing on energy and the future. We've been texting a bit back and forth. He told me about their church, so I listened to a few sermons from his pastor, Steve Reed, who's great.


Mom is coming Friday and will stay with the Specks.


I tried a couple different blog sites. Netlify was way too complicated. It's crazy how hard it is to find a turnkey solution. Google sites is looking pretty good.


Jan 13
Busy weekend. 
Friday was off school due to lots of snow. All kids had a ton of fun, and I spent a long time out with them assisting with forts and making snowballs.


Nathan and Luca went sledding a couple times, once with Ezra and Stellan. The rest of the kids were all out at the same time for hours. Daniel, Levi, and Silver just love it so much. They seem impervious to the cold. Levi went out on his own several times just to play with ice and on the trampoline. We took out all the winter gear and had a mess for a few days.


Saturday, Nathan had 2 basketball games, Daniel and Silver each had 1. Daniel was pretty discouraged that his team matchup was insanely uneven; for some reason an 8th grade varsity team is playing at the Y. Nathan's team goes the other way, usually tripling the opponent score. I didn't make it to Silver's came since it conflicted with Nathan's, but Kristin and Mimi went.


Lots of cleaning and arranging over the weekend. 


We went to the Specks Sunday night to watch the Eagles game and eat cheesesteaks.


Friday, Levi's buddy Matthew came over for the day. Kristin was gonna watch him so during StaffKids OSM, but school getting canceled meant she was home with 6 kids for the day.


Daniel's been pretty rough this week. Lots of requests for things, attitude. School returned with just a 3-day week and he barely made it. Today he refused to go, and we're feeling crushed. Seemed like he was getting better, but Avery has made homeschool feel like a better option. I've no idea what to do.


At work, I'm narrowing focus to 2 big things at a time. Bobby recently called to be excited about paper Bibles.




Jan 6
Break was good for the family. Lots of time together, though no big adventures.


Nathan did lots of printing, Daniel practiced basketball, Ezra did collaborative works with Crew Budd on facetime, Silver and Levi had their usual routines of play and much screen time.


Ezra's had a lot more friend interaction. Yesterday he went to Watson's bday party, along with 14 other boys. He reconnected with Dax Pennick. Afterwards, he met up with Landon Hibbler on Gorilla Tag. Ezra has been working on a big video project with Crew Budd, and they talk and screenshare at various times through the day. He and I also got a ton of frisbee time in this break, so much that I'm starting to learn to throw right handed to reduce soreness.


Daniel continues to show interest in finances, and checked out the book, "Rich Dad, Poor Dad". He's pushing his friends to read it, too. He's also written out big ambitions for his schedule; we're joyful that it includes Bible time. New Years Day he did Guided Scripture on his own.


Nathan's kinda nesting, watching hundreds of One Piece episodes while tending to 3D prints. He's occasionally playing with Luca, but that's about it. I wonder if winter and lack of school are making him feel down, or if he's just content. He rarely takes me up on playing a game or throwing a ball, but if several of us are watching something or doing a board game, he'll join.


Silver recently started fashion design drawings. She got a Stitch-themed notebook for Xmas and is filling it with drawings of thematic ensembles. Like a Burger King themed dress and shoes and accessories. She has a Fast Food line and a Fruits line so far.


Saturday, we watched Dagne Clark for a few hours as Chris and Emery prepare for their move. Silver did all the host, and is so good at it. She and Levi are great sharers and concerned with others.


Sunday was regular church. 


Kristin and I are keeping up the workouts. She's prepping for a half-marathon, with a full-marathon goal in mind, and is comfortably doing 7+ miles now. She says it's feeling easy, especially with Brittney.


My runs always feel strenuous, and my throat pain makes it so much worse. But I'm pushing through every time, and am still able to run 7:50s, which is encouraging bc summer was usually mid 8s. The pushups and pullups are getting easier. I tried a fast Sunday workout with pushups in 10s and completed in 12:34.