ºMom 2501 Hunsberger Drive, Royersford, PA


2026
August Joshua Herbert born to Jimmy and Elissa - May 11, Mon


2024
Debbie Drop passed - Sep 24


2021
Aunt Mary Ellen Herbert passed - April 7, Wed
Jimmy and Elissa married - Aug 21, Sat


2020
Max Thomas Herbert born to Billy and Renee - Jan 13
Levi Silas Herbert born - February 10, Mon 11:49pm
Susan Drop Sr passed - March 16
Emilia Ann Speck born to Matt and Lauren - April 26


2019
Kristin starts at LifeChurch fulltime - Oct 1
Andy and Tiffany married - Oct 12


2018
Started at LifeChurch - June 24
Moved to Edmond, OK - July 1
Matt and Lauren Speck married - Sept 1
Nathan baptized - Oct 28


2017
Daniel decides to follow Jesus - Jan 2
Silver Annalin Herbert born - January 25, Wed 5:54pm
John Paul Drop Sr passed - Feb 3, aged 74
Martin Paul Herbert born to Billy and Renee - October 20


2016
Eda Herbert and Patrick McCoyd married - Sept 3


2015
Ezra Matthias Herbert born - April 9, Thur 8:34 am
Jimmy and Angela Herbert married - July 11, Saturday
Owen Gabriel Herbert born to Billy and Renee - November 3, 5:30 am


2014
Sophia Marie Herbert born to Billy and Renee - Jan 18, 3:35 am


2013
Nathan Titus Herbert born - Feb 26, Tues 5:07 pm


2012
Beth Wolf passed - March 10, Saturday
Started at MyYearbook / MeetMe - May 21, Monday
Aunt Nancy Herbert passed - July 31, Tuesday
Billy and Renee Married, September 22, Saturday


2011
Daniel Shawn Herbert born - September 27


2008
Daniel Allen Herbert passed - July 31, aged 53


2006




Aug 20
Took Daniel and friends to Switch last night. Unfortunately, they caused a bunch of trouble and got lectured by some pastors. I wrote an apology to Ashlyn. Daniel said it's their whole group, including kids he doesn't know, instigated by Avery and Mason. I took Parker and Landon and drove Nolan and Josiah home.


Ezra's been hanging out with Crew daily after school.


Works been kinda stressful. I volunteered to make the new KBE Spanish app, hoping it could be an all-around experiment, but not everyone involved was clear. So I've been trying to tactfully gain control and show off how far agents can get us.


Did lunch with Tim today at Thai Delight. Was good to catch up.


Aug 18
School started last Thursday. Everything has been going really, really well. We are trusting God and repeating that, "it's going to be a good year". 


Silver loves everything about school so far. Her teacher is British. Levi has Mrs. Scott, widely considered the best teacher. They're doing Bird's Nest Mon-Thurs and loving it and Mr. G, whose photographic memory continues to amaze. They both still ask to play with Mills and Luca every day.


Daniel is doing great with HS. He starts the day with basketball and ends with track. He was a bit nervous at first, but day 1 put him at ease. He's also been getting up on time. I take him in on the way to work. He's had a ton of energy, going to Will's after school and playing basketball outside despite the heat. One of his teachers is a football coach and keeps trying to recruit him.


Nathan is doing great as usual. He's playing football and recently got assigned defensive line and WR. Trey and Luca are playing too. I went to their exhibition event last Friday and sat with the Budds. The kids just ran some practice plays because of the heat. There's only like 22 kids on the team, both 7th and 8th grade. I took Nathan and Trey rock climbing on Sunday at Blocworks. They ran into a classmate, Shawn, who's on the climbing team there and showed them a bunch of stuff. They had a blast, then we went to the Mule for lunch. Nathan has all the characteristics to be a pro climber. 


Ezra is also doing great. He's an amazing kid, so creative, but also confident, assertive, and even keeps a great sleeping schedule. Middle school seems to be going well, with a minor letdown in him not making the percussion team and having to do flute. It seems like he's connecting with new kids, and hanging with Crew regularly after school. He went to Crew's bday party at the Hive on Saturday, then slept over at the Budds, along with their friend Luke. Ezra scraped up his foot pretty bad though and has been limping around. We still played Around the World yesterday.


It has been insanely hot. Weeks of 100+ temperatures with no end in sight.






Aug 10
Hardy's visit was fantastic. He did an adventure day with each kid. Silver and Ezra did a bunch of stores, Nathan just wanted Chic Fil A and Walmart, Daniel did OKC underground and a fancy restaurant. We all went out to the new Bricktown Brewery, along with Shawn. Thursday before his flight, me, Hardy, Silver, and Ezra went downtown to the First Americans Museum. It was really fun, despite the insane heat. Hardy even knew a couple of the guys pictured on walls. I took Thursday off. Also went to City Bites for lunch with DES and Braums after for ice cream.


Shawn's back in town to sell the house. He's helping a lot with rides. School starts this week, so it'll be crazy.


Saturday evening, a creepy guy in a car tried to get Nathan and his friends to join him. He parked in front of the playground where the boys were hanging out. His persistence freaked them out, so they ran home. I didn't take it very seriously at first; it probably was just teenagers being dumb. But the boys were spooked, so we started a thread with the parents, I filed a police report and got some neighbors' camera footage on FB.


Kristin went to Andrea's bday party Saturday night. She had a great time just eating and talking with the girls.


We did church Sunday, and Ezra finally got signed up to serve. So happy for him.


Sunday afternoon, me, Ezra, Nathan joined the Budds to watch The Odyssey at Icon. Good movie, though some really graphic parts. I'm glad I was there to help the boys process.


Saturday we had lunch with the Bryans at a Tucker's burgers. Kids played a bunch with Mills and Luka. Kristin and Britney took them all to the pool for a while.






Aug 3
Silver got baptized yesterday!


Great return to OKC. Kristin picked us up. Silver loved it all.
Monday we had the Specks over to say goodbye. BBQ dinner. They drove out Tuesday morning and arrived in Philly on Thurs. The kids have been messaging and facetiming. Shawn flies back tomorrow to work on the house.


Hardy arrived Friday. We had dinner together and hung out, and he and I went through a folder of old photos and a couple maps. He's staying at Mom's. Saturday morning, me, Hardy, Ezra, Silver, Levi drove 80 minutes out to Cleveland Oklahoma. We saw a little Willis Herbert memorial well thing at a park there, and visited his tombstone, which Hardy had cleaned up a couple years ago. The town is much bigger than I thought. We walked main street, ate at McDonalds, and went to the library. Also drove by some houses that have HERBERTS listed under their block designation. We spent ~2 hours but could've easily added an hour. Kristin stayed back and got a ton of housework done.


Afterwards, I went to EDM campus to watch Alex Klebanov get baptised. Tim and Scott B were there.


Sunday, Kristin baptized Silver at the 8:30am service. We all plus Hardy sat in front to watch. 


I've been working on Suno songs for many hours. It's not saving time, but radically changing the workflow to guess-and-check.


We've done a couple pool trips. Ezra started playing Pokemon Go with Crew, so we've done a couple walks for that, but he's only lightly interested. He and Crew are praying they'll be on the same team at Cheyenne.


Been getting good time with the kids - walks with Ezra, video games with Levi, did football and basketball with Daniel. I need more opportunities with Nathan. Kristin bought him some cookie baking gear. Kristin cut Silver's hair, did a salon-quality job.


Hardy took them all, minus Daniel, out to see the new Spiderman movie, which was unanimously loved.


Daniel saw the Odyssey with some friends. He wanted to process it with me afterwards; apparently it's intense.


July 26
Silver and I are flying home from a great Philly trip. Started rough - on Wednesday we left home at 5am, waiting in the longest security line I've ever seen at OKC, sprinted through the terminal, and still missed our flight. I was really stressed, Silver was sad and crying and tired. But we made the most of the day. I did a bunch of house chores and projects. Silver went out with Mimi in the morning, then I watched the Bryan boys while they all played. Kristin and I took kids to the pool in the evening and met up with Bryans and Georges. Mimi is moving back to Philly in a couple days so it was good to have bonus time. The ticket lady at American Airlines was very helpful, got us tickets for the next morning.


So Thursday, we left the house at 2:30am. Kristin drove us down. Everything went smooth, we got McDonald's while waiting. First flight was short to DFW. Silver has only been on a plane 1 other time (I think) when we moved to OKC, so it was a new experience. She got a window seat and marveled at everything. She has a curious engineering mind, asking how everything works. I love leading her with the questions back first, asking how she thinks things work, and how do we know where the gate is, where does she think the restaurant is. I was always lost and confused, so hopefully it's reinforcing skills of looking and signs and stopping to reason, and put in some effort. There were several opportunities on the trip where she started by asking for help with a task but managed it herself when given the challenge. Like opening containers, waking back from Wawa, cleaning up dinner.


DFW is massive; we rode the tram around. Despite the early hours, everything was packed. We figured out bathrooms by meeting in the middle, and I carried her bag. She's gotten really confident and comfortable, she'd have no problem asking an adult for help. Mom and Pat picked us up in the van and took us to Nick's Pizza, where I got the requisite chicken cheesesteak and Silver got Pizza. Mom drove us by the Morningside house. Kinda nostalgic, but my memory isn't good and I didn't have neighborhood friends, so only our street really mattered.


Then we went to Jimmy's with some food. Jimmy was out on a job fixing a deck for the first hour or so, so we just talked with Elissa and played with baby August, who they call AJ. They also have a couple little dogs, Moki and Jazzy, and Teddy the cat, all of whom Silver adored. We took the dogs on a walk at the park across the street while Elissa fed the baby. She's not getting much sleep, but has incredible energy. Mom's been over a few times a week. They have good rapport. Jimmy eventually arrived and we caught up for a while. He's getting ok jobs working for his old friend, something Tomasco. He's not sure about returning to Lakeside to teach. It's a good place, but he's frustrated with some of the expectations. Maddy was away for the week being a scout counselor at Nockamixon; she's only home Saturdays.
That evening, I borrowed Jimmy's car and drove with Silver down to visit Craig Gabbdon. We stopped at a rough Wawa on the way for food and the experience.
Craig is alright. He's mostly doing contracting right now, and Andi has built a personal brand with her doctorate and book. The kids are Iliana and Gabriel, 7 and 2, and extremely sweet. Seems like a kinda stressful time for them making it all work. They have a cool setup for the kids and are doing MMA with them. Their church, Restoration, just had a big split so they're moving on. It was so great to catch up, and Silver immediately started playing with the kids.
We drove the 45 minutes up to Mom's, both absolutely exhausted. Silver somehow didn't sleep more than 5 minutes in the car or plane. I slept longer on the plane. We ate a bit more and crashed hard.
We both slept until 10am, so we were late for out meetup at Marrymead Farm. Mom drove us there to meet up with Matt, Lauren, Amelia, and surprisingly, Ashley. We got some ice cream and then Jimmy and Elissa and AJ arrived. We had a short time, just walked a bit and Silver and Amelia did the gem washing thing. Lauren is teaching out in Limerick and enjoys it, Matt's gonna be in 3rd year at Christopher Dock teaching 3rd grade.


From there, Mom took me and Silver to a Japanese place bc Silver's been asking for sushi. It was really good. Then we went to Jimmy's for the rest of the day. Went to the park a couple times, talked a lot, held the baby. He's cooing and able to hold rattles. He gets fussy easily but Elissa always soothes him. Elissa's friend Kat came over with her young kids for some playground time. Jimmy walked me and Silver to a Mexican bodega a couple houses down, and we got some interesting drinks. Silver has been really adventurous with the experiences and food. She also could not get enough of the animals.
Carson 8yo came over late with his mom Jess. We went out and played soccer in the field while the girls walked and Mom watched AJ. Carson has always been like a close nephew, almost a son to Jimmy, who takes him hiking and shooting and watches him all the time.
Me and Mom went out to a nearby Mexican place to grab dinner and bring it back.
Jimmy and I talked a bunch, about Billy and parenting and work. His memory is unreal. Mom said it's a blessing and curse. Jimmy lost Drew earlier this year, and one of their dogs a month ago, which he says is nothing compared to Drew. Drew was a father figure and mentor and counselor to him, his steadiest friend who understood him like no one else and almost finished his PhD in psychology. Jimmy battles with depression and even having a son is bittersweet without Drew. Jimmy and Elissa are really good parents, and seem to have an amazing relationship. They've done incredibly raising Maddy, and Jimmy regularly takes her to music shows. They also are embedded in real community, with a nonstop rotation of friends who are family. Elissa grew up on the block; her parents are a few doors down and so is her ex. Even the neighbors they don't get along with are at least familiar. Their lifestyle would be really stressful for me, at least while acclimating, especially with the nonstop traffic of vehicles and neighbors and friends, but they embrace it. The park is amazing and constantly improving, there are hiking trails nearby, a downtown area, and projects for Jimmy. Elissa knows absolutely everyone, constantly running into coworkers.
We went back to Mom's and crashed quickly again. She and Pat have an amazing setup. Their townhouse is huge and has some great amenities. It's just too far from the people. I'm on the ground floor in a suite. Silver stayed on third floor in guest room. They have a chill routine of sitting out on the deck most mornings and evenings, with a great view.
Saturday, we drove way out to Hellericks Farm, almost an hour away. But the whole drive is gorgeous, massive trees and winding roads. I took Jimmy's car alone while Silver rode with Pat and Mom in the Tesla. Despite the cost and crowds, I can see why people live there and never leave the area. Jimmy's house is 1 bathroom and worth way more than ours.
The Farm was so fun, and like unrealistically beautiful with flowers. A lot like Orr Family Farm with main attraction of a huge ropes course and mini golf. Mom footed the bill. Maddy was there, and she and Silver immediately did the ropes course. Maddy was really sweet encouraging Silver, who was surprisingly daring compared to her last climbing adventure. She did two of the three layers and was shaking afterwards, but had no trouble with the obstacles and zip lines. The adults watched from shaded tables on the ground and held AJ. We slowly wandered the whole grounds, playing on various climbing things, gaga ball, throwing tennis balls, musical pan, and various other activities. Maddy is talented at everything - singing, guitar, dancing, teaching merit badges, school - and she's a servant with her little brother and cousin. She wasn't shy chatting with me, and Silver was the same with Jimmy and Elissa.
After we squeezed all the enjoyment out of the increasingly hot farm, we said goodbyes and went back to Mom's. We cooked up vegetarian burgers for dinner. Silver likes the Beyond Burgers. I took Silver on a walk to the new Sheetz to find burger buns. They were out, so we went across the street to Wawa, which was also out, so we finally got some at Dollar Tree. We had some lounging time with YouTube and consolidated our photos and flipped through them and then family photos for an hour. I stayed up and chatted a bit, then spent way too long going through Grandpa's coins thoroughly. I was up until midnight; even though there weren't high value finds, the research and hunting are so much fun.
Sunday morning, we packed up and Mom took us to the airport. We had a good but serious talk about money and politics and whether she should reach out to Billy. All our conversations were great. It is amazing to me how I can feel like I know so much, but it's not actually practical. Mom and Pat know so much about how to actually do stuff. They put their money where their mouth is, being good neighbors and charitable with their time and money, always sacrificing for others. They have a great marriage and steady routines and invest wisely and then everything else is for the people around them. It's really hard to frown on their politics when their actual lifestyle looks like Jesus. Pat spent Saturday with Ryan and grandson Teddy. 
Silver and I got to the airport with plenty of time. We got some souvenirs for the brothers and early lunch.


I got so much great time with Silver, talking and traveling. She's an incredible girl, and I am blessed that this is just a continuation of our regular time together. Waving on Sunday mornings has actually been formative. She told me that she wants to get baptized! We talked more about Jesus and what that means. There's a class this Wednesday for loop students that we'll go to.


July 20
Had a decent weekend. 


Church Sunday morning, Silver and I waved. I took Ezra to NW LifeChurch to see the Bug's Life build. Good bonding time. Silver and Levi went to grandparents. Watched World Cup game.


We drove Nathan and Daniel and friends all over as usual. Nathan's been baking cookies and setting up his room; he got Mimi and Poppy's couch after seeing Daniel's setup. The boys have been updating their rooms with LEDs and arrangements, and taking my Rokit speakers. He did Skyzone with Luca, DJ, Joel, Jett? Also went to Caden's bday party at Pizza Time or something; Kristin took them there and Grace drove home.
I helped Nathan mount a monitor on his wall. He 3D printed a holder, which ended up somehow working after Nathan's typical "these adjustments shouldn't work but somehow everything is working out."


Saturday, instead of running, me and Kristin did a long walk around the neighborhood. It's getting super hot.


Friday night, ESL spent the night at grandparents for their second "Toy Story Night". They watched movies 3 and 4 and had themed snacks. Ezra designed and printed custom snack labels.


Tuesday at the YMCA game the boys got way too rowdy, Daniel even got a technical foul. Ryan was substitute coach and pretty frustrated; I talked to some of them afterwards. Daniel was so amped he did a couple standing backflips on the court after the game.


One of the days, Nathan and his friends got kicked out of Walmart. I had to pull it out of him, so we talked about the need for up-front honesty. I talked with Joel about his behavior. To his credit, Joel asked to talk to me 1:1 and apologized.


Scott Newman shared a couple worship music tracks he'd been working on. He told me he's using Suno covers, which, after trying out, I instantly subscribed and then bumped to max subscription. It's not perfect, but it's helping my old and unfinished songs come to life. Feels like magic. I've already put too many hours into it.


I got some great talking time with Daniel. He has questions about dating and working, and is willing to listen. I also showed him the Suno updates and he made a couple songs. He continues to be tough to motivate, but I love how God has blessed the relationship. Our neighbor his age, Gavin, constantly wanders the neighborhood. He's on their bball team, but I wonder if his hearing difficulties make him feel like an outsider. I texted Daniel when I saw Gavin alone on the playground, and Daniel invited him over. Daniel's really great at making kids feel welcome. He's been chilling with Avery, Joey, Mason, Will regularly.


I've had good hangout time with the younger kids. I've been playing some Mario Wonder with Levi and sometimes others, did a little trampoline time again, pool as usual and some playground detours.


Bella went missing for like 6 days but came back, needed some help getting over the fence in the corner of the yard. I'm not really a fan of that cat, and somehow the memory of Blaze is still a sadness for the family, but we're glad she came back.


I've been planning the trip to Philly on Wednesday with Silver. Texted Craig, Matt and Lauren and Ashley, and Weiss, who'll unfortunately be on vacation.


Daniel told us that his dream meal is steak and fettuccine alfredo, so Kristin made it. Delicious. I've been enjoying make breakfast sandwiches, which are now part of Saturday tradition with Daniel. All the kids are enjoying cooking.


At work, me and Tim went to lunch with Joel and Will. Cool getting to know them better. Those guys have known each other for years.


July 13
Summer is challenging, with all the rides and the Specks working on moving.


Yesterday we did church as usual. At the Movies has been great for Daniel and Nathan, really captivating. Silver and I waved in our now-traditional bag chairs with popcorn.


Afterwards I took DNE to the Yukon build of SpongeBob. It was really impressive. I was surprised at how eager Daniel is to see other campuses. Silver and Levi went to the Specks.


Mills and Luca came over for a bit. In the evening, we all went to the pool for the neighborhood party. Free snow cones. Nathan came and went back to StoneBriar. Kristin and Britney stayed at pool while I walked home. I tried to make Saturday more relaxing. Tons of driving though - I took Daniel to Cheyenne track to run, then picked him up from Parker's, got Nathan and Ezra from the Budd's, took Ezra back for a sleepover with Crew.


Ezra accidentally cracked his iPad at the Specks on Friday and was a mess. I reassured him. Unfortunately it's a pretty bad break and he uses it for everything. He, Silver and Levi spent a long time at the Specks; they had a Toy Story themed day, watching the first two movies and getting related snacks.


I took the kids to a random Walmart trip. Levi bought Mario Wonder and we've been playing it. Kristin took Silver to Crest on a question to find some squishy dumpling toy. They found a ton and Silver got like $75 worth. I also took her and Levi out to 711 for waving reward. Nathan did a quick Walmart trip with me and Daniel to get LEDs for his room.


Saturday, I took Daniel, Parker, Avery, Anson to the Quail Springs Mall and picked them up from Dick's.


Nathan walked all over town with his buddies and ended up getting kicked out of Walmart. We had to talk to him about being too scared of consequences to confide in us. Sounds like it was Joel, Micah, and Jett being wild.
Friday, that crew plus DJ went down to the Comet's baseball game. DJ's dad is the exec chef there. Nathan said it was really fun, had fireworks.


I did a bunch of tasks on Saturday. Put thru-bolts into the back door to restore the pneumatic closer. Put concrete screws into the front hose bib. Vent filters.


Also this week got car tags, which cost $1700!


Money is getting tight, even before the car tags. Feels like lots of house stuff is breaking. Daniel's A/C went out. Fortunately the contractor Brad stoped by a couple times and didn't charge us. But it's probably a leak in the wall.


Work's been contemplative. I met with Greg again, and instead of bringing more ideas, just told him I need advice. He was very pastoral, is praying for me and even texted the next morning. It was what I needed. I need to spend more time listening to God.


Tuesday we had a work offsite, which was really good, but also confirmed that I am not suited to the future of Platform or YouVersion. At least, not as it's currently being institutionalized.


Part of the offsite was pickleball, which I played a ton of, so skipped my midweek run. But got back to it Saturday. The last couple weeks I've been looking for a cut-through to Mitch park, to no avail.


July 7
It was another very busy week. 


July 4 weekend was kinda crazy. We had off Friday. I did a bunch of house stuff. Made a huge project out of getting the creative room more set up. Went through all the clothes, jackets, bags. Daniel bought a PC from Luke; I won't allow it in his room so compromise was creative room. I started migrating my closet stuff. Also worked more on the hose patch, put in a new kitchen sink, got a bunch of supplies from Lowe's for various tasks.


July 4 was Saturday. Bryan's came over and we did light fireworks and sparklers in driveway. We were gonna watch the college fireworks but a crazy storm came in from like 8-11pm. Really incredible lightning and thunder, so we watched from the garage. Was really fun.


Sunday we went to watch fireworks at Chitwood, thinking we'd see the college. There was no one there, view wasn't great, so we ended up walking a half mile for a better view. Was with Hamiltons and Bryans. Minus Daniel, who went to Wills and was at Cruzes the previous night. It was kinda stressful at the park bc of some misbehaving kids that scared Silver with throwing firecrackers and cursing. All our kids are not used to that.


Monday was work and pool, today I had an offsite which was pretty fun. At CEN A then Chicken and Pickle. I'm so frustrated with what my job is supposed to be. I fighting between being completely marginalized by LC, overlooked and never developed, pushed into increasingly lower roles. And humility. Not sure what to do.


We've done a bunch of pool trips lately. It's been hot. 


Mom and Dad Speck are doing all the stuff for their moving. Giving away furniture, moving things into Mom's house.


Daniel's been depressed again. I did a trip to the pool, then last night I let him buy a couch and LEDs at Walmart. But he's so anxious about school basketball and frustrated with girls. We've had some good talks about that; he wishes he could have a girlfriend that was actually kind, like his buddy Will has.


Kristin and I are exhausted and there's no end in sight.


I still need to buy plan tickets home from Philly.


June 30
We got through our busiest week in years. Anna visited, mom here, every kid in a different activity, car shopping.


Ezra did a couple Francis Tuttle camps - first a film one, then comic drawing. First one was ok but he warmed up to it and the "edgier" kids, and he loved the second one. It was a solo project where the kids used procreate and iPads and a Wacom tablet. He's so casually confident in new spaces in a way that seems to defy some of his inner anxieties. He texts us about mundane things like buying a soda. I think the experience was really good for him, meeting new kids, pushing through discomfort, learning new skills. He likes being a comedian. For each camp, Kristin and I took turns going to the presentation. The driving was the hardest part since it's kind of far and during the work day.


Silver did an art class at Frontier after two rounds of cooking class. She really liked it, did a bunch of mixed media. She made a couple friends. It's for the whole surrounding area, just happens to be at Frontier.


Daniels bball camp had a 2 day tournament which was rough for us bc 1) he didn't play due to injury and 2) it was at 3 different locations during two workdays. The Newmans took him around the first day and Kristin did the second. They lost out and only had to play 2 games the second day.


Nathan had regular bball workouts, but did skip some.


Levi did staff kids. He's really enjoying it, and their adjustments have made it much calmer. Less kids, more workers, max 3rd grade.


Mom has been incredibly helpful in every way. She's the only way we were able to get everyone driven around. She's been cooking nonstop, doing yardwork with Shawn, crafts and sleepovers with kids. Mills and Luka and big Levi have been joining Silver and Levi for "grandma camp" activities, cooking and making shirts and crafts. They call her Feebs too. 


Anna came for a week and stayed with Mom. She and Kristin did a spa day. She worked from a coffee shop a few days. She works for a book publisher and has 12-20 projects at a time, the books take 18 months. I was able to talk with her more. Last visit I think was still awkward for her, but she shared about her new home and working through post divorce life. Minnesota is really good for her. Her trip coincided with Bryan's vacation so she helped with Winston a lot.


We did a whirlwind of car shopping. Got a Santa Fe rental, which was nice but confirmation we needed a minivan. Went to Kalidy and got the same high pressure sales nonsense so bought from David Stanley Chevy or something downtown. Sales guy was great, very chill. We got a 2025 Kia Carnival with 20k miles. The insurance process ended up being pretty easy once we found the title.


I'm gonna try US Cellular for cell since ATT is so beat.


I caught up with Carl a bit on the phone. He's doing well in California. I think the kids are 5 and 3. 


Been texting Billy occasionally about world cup stuff, we're gonna talk on phone Thurs.


Working on planning a trip to Philly with Silver in late July.


We've done a bunch of pool. Daniel and Nathan are constantly with a herd of friends. Ezra did 2 sleepovers with Crew bc their AC was broken. Silver and Levi roaming woth


Specks have been over a lot. They talked to the kids about moving. Silver and Ezra are especially sad. Kristin's getting better about it. They're gonna put some furniture in Mom's house and maybe leave a car.


Mom's last visit day is today.


June 17
Yesterday sucked. For everyone.


Van got rear-ended, probably totalled. I don't think we'll get much money for it. Such a huge inconvenience, and likely lifestyle impacting financially.


Kristin did not get the Bible Project job. They rejected her early, right after she did a huge amount of work on their take-home project. They're looking for a story-teller, which IMO is counter to what a good data analyst should do. Kristin was devastated, and I'm really sad for her. From the job description, she's the perfect candidate. It would have been such a relief for her to work in a better culture, working from home, with better pay.


I am struggling in a similar way, trying to figure out my role and purpose at work. Ironically, I've heard a few different people - Chris, Josh H, Kasey M, Patrick - express how culture is improving.


Ezra's having a rough time at film camp because the kids are rough. Their humor and cussing are intimidating. 


Daniel refuses to rest his hamstring and played way too hard at his YMCA game last night. Nathan was very frustrated by the reffing. 


Mom flew in, a bit late but in time to watch the kids while me and Kristin went to the YMCA game. Avery's parents were both there, but weirdly refused to acknowledge Kristin.




June 12
Kristin had another bday. Lots of recognition, including spontaneous singing at work. I got her a beauty cream product, Specks came over in the eve.
 
Kristin applied to Bible Project for what looks like the ideal role for her. She got past the short phone screen and is doing a very long take home test now. It worked out since we took the day off after vacation.


Last week Levi's ear hurt so Kristin took him to doc. They cleaned out a ton of wax and found he had strep. Fortunately, he was able to do staff kids party on Friday. 


Lots of hanging with Bryan's for the littles and pool trips for us. Been chatting w neighbors like Danna Krone and Todd Fraser.


-- Galveston 2026 --
We did our Galveston trip. It was really great. Specks came and made everything way easier, especially travel. They took Silver and Levi, which ended up being a lot more work on the way home when Levi threw up. We did our usual Buc-ee's stops, and I bought some power banks. Our car was super easy with the older boys able to recline and use screens most of the time.


The way there got really stressful when our renter reached out last minute to say that the house wasn't available any more. They'd given a hint a few days earlier by offering another rental, which was much cheaper, for $600 more than the difference, so Kristin was suspecting a scam. They didn't respond to her messages. When we were hours from the house, they started chatting on the app, telling Kristin to cancel the reservation, which would've made it non-refundable. So I talked to a woman on the phone who insisted it wasn't a scam, even though it clearly was. Fortunately, AirBnB support was very helpful and responsive, and got us our refund immediately. And Kristin had created a shortlist of backups, so she booked the top one and the renter responded immediately. It was just a few houses down from our original booking, and ended up being amazing.
The "backup" house was right across the street from the beach, with a rare unobstructed view. It had more than enough rooms and a whole separate apartment on the ground floor. Incredibly, Nathan stayed in the apartment the whole time; I though it would be way too creepy. Ezra generously slept in a room with Levi, Specks got their own room, me and Kristin got a room, and Silver got her own floor. We didn't even use one of the rooms. 


We did lots of beach time. Water was warm and wavy as usual, though lots of seaweed bits. Not many people. We had plenty of time the first afternoon to go out. Levi was fearless. He's been swimming really well at the pool in the deep end. We also did a trip out to the southern island beach to hunt for shells. Didn't find many shells, but me, Daniel, Nathan explored a rocky area for almost an hour. Got a bunch of cuts but had fun. And Nathan found a whole fishing drone underwater, which spurred us on. Unfortunately, Mimi got a bunch of mosquito bites that lasted the whole trip. Afterwards, we drove the rest of the way south and got snowcones at a ramshackle trailer shop. 


The first day, there was a group of middle or early high school boys in the water near us. One of them started shouting for help, so I swam over and he said he needed help. He had a friend next to him who was clearly in trouble, but I thought they both needed help. So I just grabbed the more helpless kids' forearm and pulled him to safety with his friend; I was afraid to try a carry since I thought they'd both be holding me. He left the beach immediately.


Daniel and Nathan were a bit too comfortable going way out and panicked Kristin, so we had to reprimand them. Poppy can't swim but was ready to jump in. I was at Walmart and grabbed a couple boogie boards, which Kristin was grateful to have for safety.


The kids found a few hermit crabs and the little burrowing shell guys.


We did a morning in Downtown Galveston, at the Strand, which I'd heard about. There are a bunch of shops for spending money. We spent the most time in a toyshop, a candy store, and a souvenir shop. Silver and I also went to a book store for a bit, and me and Poppy took the kids into an interesting fossil shop. It was expensive, even the parking.
We did dinner at Rainforest Cafe, always a good time.


We also did a dinner at the neighborhood marina, which was ok at best. I felt bad that the Specks spent so much treating us.


We did one trip to the neighborhood playground. Kristin and I did a little workout. Daniel went a couple times to do basketball. He's still suffering from his hamstring injury though. We also hit up the marina shop for ice cream a couple times, and the little grocers. 


Poppy helped me make burgers and hotdogs one night. It was a pain trying to grill with charcoal. We did marshmallows on the embers. 


We also had fun watching a couple NBA finals games together, especially a history deficit-defying run by NY. All the kids were excited to watch.


The whole trip was a perfect mix of activity and downtime. I got to have a couple deep convos with Daniel and Nathan about the nature of the universe. The other kids are always up for chatting. The grandparents did boardgames, there were a bunch of TVs and devices, and the upper room had a couple binoculars and clear view of the beach. The deck was really big, which a long picnic table that we ate at often. There wasn't really a kitchen space to eat, but it didn't matter. We had eggs and coffee every morning and more than enough snacks.




June 1
We had our 20th Anniversary! 


need and in plenty
In Tall and in Venti
Like candles burn, scenty
You said yes, you meant me


Monday was off for memorial day. Really great to have another day of rest. I've been more intentional about not scrolling, letting my brain have some time back. I gotta keep fighting for that, especially at night.


Nathan was sick over the weekend, so Tuesday I took him to urgent care. Tested negative for strep but they gave him antibiotics.


Nathan missed the bball practice Tues but went Wednesday, and Daniel did the reverse because of his hamstring.


Wednesday was our actual anniversary, so we traded messages. Kristin wrote me a long note, and made a Reels, and I made a little site with a photo from each year and got her Shokz headphones. We went out to Oozie Lebanese for dinner, which was great. Talked with the owner a bunch, who moved from NY. The Specks watched the kids and took Daniel and a couple friends to Switch. We got Braum's ice cream for dinner, I think.


Tuesday, we spontaneously got Thunder tickets. Very fun game, and so glad we went since it was the last win of the season. Ate tacos there, weather was nice. Loved hearing Kristin yell at Wemby in person.


Thursday morning, Kristin took her parents + DNE to the airport for Disney. We've gotten various texts from all of them. Sounds like it was incredibly fun. I can't wait to see them and hear all about it tonight.


With the boys being out, we watched the next bball game Thursday night.


Friday evening, we left work early and took Silver and Levi to Okana. The outside was open, and the whole experience was amazing. Silver and Levi got nervous when we climbed a high slide, but ended wanting to go down over and over. Levi is like half an inch under 4 feet, so technically not tall enough for the rides, but they let him through. I was surprised how much he liked the outdoor slide with a big drop at the end and long swim to the side. We ate at a surprisingly decent restaurant outside. We all did the carpet style slide a bunch, and the "powered" red slide, and the lazy river. Levi loved the lily-pad challenge, and completed it 3 times out of many tries. It was a little weird not having phones, but we met up fine; I just wish I'd taken a photo at some point. The outside closes at 7, so we did a swim across the giant pool before going back inside until 8pm. Then got Braum's ice cream.


Saturday we did family meeting, then drove out to Dawson William's farm for their twins' 5th bday party. Took us 20 minutes to find the house since it's kinda off the grid. They have a huge 160 acre property with his parents and grandparents. Lettmans and Singletons were there, along with some family. They'd rented a couple huge water inflatables. Levi and Silver had a blast, playing with the kids and doing rides. Kristin and I got to talk more with Dawson and Morgan, and Nate and Brie. Their baby is Illiana. Levi has class with JT's son Oliver.


Silver and Levi are just so easy. Silver's been doing audio books on her iPad and watching Sayliche?


Work was alright. I met with Greg again to present my thoughts on friction due to "utilities" thinking. We'll see. Scheduled a followup for end of month.


Sunday, after church and workout, I started a couple projects. Reinforced the expansion barn door, and started putting in a replacement sillcock for the front hose bib. Both involved several Lowes trips, cutting holes in the walls, and frustrated thinking. Kristin went out for bday dinner with Christine and Andrea, but I still needed parts, so I took Silver and Levi to McDonalds, Fuzzy's, and then Lowes. They did great, and we stumbled on a perfect outdoor seating spot right across from Fuzzy's. 


Wednesday afternoon, Mills Bryan had a really scary accident, and has some weeks or months of recovery that'll limit his sports. He and Luka and Levi George were on their outside hammock, and one of the pillars suspending it broke free and hit him on the forehead, knocking him out. Nic found him and rushed him to the ER. Scans show no breakages, but they'll have to do some neuro followups. Silver is over there now hanging out.


Kristin and I are rotating to figure out rides. Silver started a camp at Frontier in the mornings, carpooling with Luka. I'm taking Levi to and from StaffKids.


It was a very expensive week, between Thunder tix and Okana lots of eating out and house projects and paying kids. Mom gave us a generous 500 gift which paid for the Thunder tix!


May 25
Wednesday was the last day of school. I took the day off and Kristin took a half day so we could go to the "clap out"s. Chatted with Sorrells at both, Newmans at Daniel's. Ezra's was fun, the usual walk around the building. Daniel's was very disorganized, 30 minutes late the kids just walked out of the building with "Northbound" shirts, except Daniel was too cool for his and wore his F1 Italy shirt. He went to Fresh with friends afterwards. 


Nathan had a breakfast for last day of school at Aaoron's house with some friends.


Today is Memorial Day, off of work. I took Ezra and Crew to see Sheep Detectives movie, McDonald's lunch before. Was a belated bday outing for Ezra. Fun time, they both enjoyed it.


Mimi came over with bagels. She and Kristin did some more landscaping out back. They set up a mulched flower bed next to the expansion and power washed the back patio.


The neighborhood pool opened Saturday. Despite a cold May, we went and the kids swam. Also went Saturday and Sunday. Saw some of the usuals - Murphys, Bryans, Tigers, Carissa and Steven. Levi picked right back up and is swimming in the deep end. His buddy Drew is there a lot. Can't remember his parents' names; I think dad is Greg. 
I got persuaded to jump in to play with Silver a bit. Today played catch with Ezra and tried to get Silver to start learning to dive.


I've been catching back up on sleep and detoxing from idly scrolling. Was starting to get depressed and have a well of anger and anxiety. Kristin is incredibly encouraging. Starting to revisit some tough thoughts about how most of my close relationships in life, as a leader-friend, or mentor, or older brother, end horribly. Also wondering if my obsession with work operations is just crazy person connecting dots that aren't there.


Kristin applied for a Bible Project role. It's perfect for her. We've been praying about it, and immediately after praying for some confirmation, like the day after, both Ella and Katie at work encouraged Kristin to apply.


Nathan's sick today. His throat hurts. He's been running around nonstop with tons of friends. Last Wednesday, he had 19 friends over. They roamed and played football and ate a bunch. We connected with a couple of moms. Notably, Julie, who is Maverick's mom; actually grandma.


Daniel went to Switch at the Edmond campus with Parker and Will and really enjoyed it. He also has had a bunch of friends around regularly.


Part of my detox is saying "no" to kids a bit more and trying to enforce a 9pm end time at home. Kristin and I can't get good time together when we're driving kids home at 10pm or waiting for their rides.


I took Daniel and Nathan for sports physicals on Thursday. Daniel's right hamstring near his butt is hurting a lot. Unfortunately, bball camp starts tomorrow. I think he's gonna need to rest it, but I'm not sure how he'll navigate that. And with Nathan being sick, he might not go either.
I also asked about my toenails, and the best option seems to be trying to remove them, which Dr Eskew is able to do. Also got some acne meds for Daniel that cost like $130. We'll try them after the vacations.


I had a plumber come out to see about getting the hose bibs replaced and the washer hookups. Estimated $1300+, then charged $90 for the estimate when I rejected the work. It's gonna be a huge project trying to replace just the front bib, but we're spending so much lately. And I'm starting to worry about another car, assuming the 2 we have hold out. God has been so faithful in providing for us ever which way. 


Part of my anxiety is drifting into thinking about work and colleges and appliances. I'm struggling to fit in at work, and I really don't know if there even is work any more for developers.


The washer was having issues, but fortunately the solve was a new drum plate and a couple hours work.


Sunday I did absolutely nothing. Got some time for my brain to unwind a bit. I'm tinkering more with a personal assistant, but despite all the tech being possible, it's incredibly hard to do an openClaw kinda thing cheaply and sustainably. I just want to be able to plug in my photos, journal, timeline, and forward emails and scan documents and have it track my life. There's actually several big projects I'd like to do, but right now I just need to get my head right.

I'm been playing an old game, Zelda Oracle of Ages.


Thursday, DNE go to Disney with the grandparents.


Mom scheduled a trip for two weeks in mid June.


Our 20th anniversary is on Wednesday.


Daniel had a sleepover at Will's over the weekend. He and his crew have been swimming in the creek behind Will's, which was a little concerning when the rain strengthened the current. Daniel was miserable afterwards.


Ezra did a sleepover at Crew's. They've been hanging out a ton. They boys are all using both neighborhood pools.


Luca had another medical incident. I might've forgotten to write about the one from a couple weeks ago - he was chewing on a waterbottle cap and it got caught in his throat. Kristin called me in from the trampoline and I tried to do the heimlich, but Luca was able to breath through it. So I swiped his throat then made him throw up, which worked. We thought it was really scary and sent Luca home, but he and his parents kinda shrugged it off. 
This time, he somehow cut his inner thigh on the bare edge of his handlebars. Left a nasty ragged gash. I wasn't sure anything could be done, so I took him home with a big bandaid to let his parents decide on the ER. Apparently even a non-stitchable wound like that should go to the ER, which they did, and Nathan went with him until like 11pm. They did end up stitching it; Nathan was fascinated.


We've been watching more basketball. Thunder vs Spurs has been a battle.


Daniel and Nathan have done a pretty good job hosting. They really need to work on chores and cleanup, but I'm glad they're comfortable inviting in lots of kids. I'm not sure what to do about Stellan, who comes over regularly but Nathan's not interested in playing. Which is surprising, since he's occasionally game for hanging with even kids that annoy him regularly. The biggest issue I have with Daniel is his arrogant negativity. He has a heart for those in tough situations, but is so cruel to anyone he thinks is uncool. There are a couple kids in his grade that have been getting in legal trouble and starting drugs, and Daniel offered one of them a ride. He says he's glad they're going to Switch.




May 19
Tomorrow is the last day of school.


Talked again with Billy. He's Sr Director of Innovation at QTS, building datacenters. We just talked about kids and sports. Sophia's a reader and is doing Hapkido martial art. Owen has been playing racquetball, improving in school, overcoming dyslexia and ADD. Martin excels in school. Max is 6.


On Saturday, we did a project in the backyard to make a walkway to the expansion. Kristin requested an hour of labor from each kid. She used AI to dream up a plan, bought a bunch of flowers and some giant pavers. Unfortunately, she injured her back loading up some pavers. I read up on how to set it up, bought a bunch of gravel and sand, and me and Nathan put it in. Daniel did a bunch of shoveling and moving rocks to prep. Levi was also eager to help out, kept asking to shovel more. Ezra moved a ton of rocks, too. It's interesting to see the personalities. Daniel will do the job, and do it well, Ezra and Levi are workhorses, Nathan has to be coaxed, Silver likes the community aspect. Silver helped Mimi and Kristin with front yardwork, fixing up bushes and planting flowers.


The washing machine started to break, so I tried cleaning it, but I think the gears are busted.


Despite her hurting back, Kristin jumped right back into yard project Sunday, so we had to talk about rest. It's one of our biggest differences, my laziness and her nonstop working. And especially apparent as she requests going part-time and our summer looking insane.


I asked to WFH Thursdays to help with watching Silver and driving everyone around.


Silver decided to be vegetarian. Her brothers are taking it weirdly personally. It seemed to be triggered Sunday morning when were waving outside and saw an gravely injured bird.


We went to Ezra's musical on Thursday. It was really good and he got a part with a bunch of lines. Mimi and Poppy went too and Silver and Levi, then we all went to Braums. Kristin ran there, I ran home.


A couple weeks ago Nathan got into National Honor's Society for his 4.0 GPA, so Kristin and I went to watch. Sat with the old bball crew - Joey's parents, Sorrells, DeToros.


We went to Nathan's musical show last week. It was 90s songs, really fun. Sat with DeToros.


I've been karting Daniel and friends around all week to switch and friends houses. They had Tatum and Cheyenne over again. We talked with Cheyenne's dad, Zach, a bunch while he picked them up.


Nathan's been inviting friends over a bunch too. Hide and go seek in the woods. Occasionally combining with Daniel's crew for that or bball. 


Been playing thru Zelda Oracle of Ages.


We watched Steph Curry movie GOAT as a fam over the weekend.


May 12
Jimmy and Elissa had baby August Joshua! C-section. So thrilled, Kristin's been texted Elissa and Jimmy's been texting too. Mom's available helping?


I took off Friday and Monday to clear my head from work. I need to be where my feet are. Not the past or future or weird virtual world, which is owning me.


We've been watching lots of NBA games, very exciting.


Specks came over after church and hung out for a while on Sunday.


Lots of playing with Mills and Luca. 


Daniel's been hanging with friends regularly. He's really enjoying being a workout coach for his buddy Luke. He went to switch with Will, Avery, Mason last week. He's been "talking to" a girl named Tatum, whose friend Cheyenne is talking to Will. They go to Sequoia; Kristin and I met them briefly at our place before they all went to Cruz's.


Nathan's been hosting more gatherings of 7th graders, playing bball and hide and go seek in the woods.


Friday we went to Frontier end-of-school party. A hailstorm swept in, which we waited out in the parking lot, and pushed the party inside. Ezra, Silver, and Levi went. Ezra got so shafted by the yearbook - he missed the 6-year club and KC club photos. And stuff like that stys with him.


May 5
Talked with Billy on the phone yesterday. Jim texted me saying I should catch up. He is in a terrible place. He talks calmly, but like he's de-escalating. Says his marriage is nonexistent, and has no hope that it can improve. Divorce is not an option, his home is not calm, it's hard for the kids. He can't have anything to do with mom. He feels like I've made no effort to reach out. It makes me incredibly sad. I scheduled another call with him for two weeks out.


The past week was good. Weather continues to be great so Kristin and I are doing walks, playing basketball outside, playing on trampoline. 


Daniel shaved his head for $250 from various friends.


Daniel and Nathan have both been inviting a ton of friends over. Having Braum's walkable is another adventure option, especially with Stonebriar friends nearby.


Nathan finished rebuilding the electric scooter. It's not powerful enough to move him, but he got it all wired up. Impressive dedication.


We're working on sight words with Levi. His reading is lagging, so I tapped the words to the TV and Switch; he does really well with routine, so he asks to read them before watching something.


Friday, the Bryans hosted a BBQ with us and the Hamiltons. I was probably kinda quiet. Mills and Luca have been playing with Silver and Levi most days. It is such a great setup.


Mimi and Poppy watched the kids Sunday after church. They came over one evening with ice cream to talk. Poppy's sister, Laura, is going to pass any day.


Kristin has been moving furniture and doing decor things. I finally finished painting the trim in the expansion.


Work is incredibly frustrating, but it's mostly me. I'm not sure what God has me here for now. I feel like I can clearly see some problems and solutions, but I have no avenue to make a difference.


April 27
Kristin and I ran the half marathon yesterday. It went well, and taught me that I'm just slow. My muscles locked up the last couple miles, and I dragged myself across the line at a 9:55 pace. So I met the 10 minute goal. Everything went well - good weather, I didn't have to stop for bathroom, there was plenty of water and sugar on the route, I trained well. So I've learned that I'm not built to be a runner. Kristin and Ella ran together, met their goals too.


Shawn came over super early and watched the kids, took them out to donuts. After the long walk back to the car, Kristin and I got coffees and tried to crash at home amid various kids needs. Daniel went to Will's, Nathan and Trey went to Asher's, Ezra went to Crew's.


Shawn has had a rough week; his sister is at end-of-life with cancer, and his brother Mike isn't taking care of his. Sue went to Philly for something.
Shawn did a couple days of "garage sale" at my mom's that had basically no traffic or sales. 


Sunday afternoon I worked with Nathan for a while in the garage on his bike / scooter project. He's trying to repurpose Ezra's broken escooter into aux power for his bike. I got to show him a bunch of tools and how-tos - voltmeter, wire stripping, wire diagram, wire knuts, light switch. AI is great for the particulars of electricity. We built a circuit that allows a household light switch to turn on the motor.


Saturday we took Levi and Silver to the Convention Center to get our race stuff and check out the table with free SWAG. They did great, had fun. I got the pullup high score at the Navy booth. 


Had family meeting on Saturday as well.


Friday evening, we took Daniel to the DeToro's for Cotillion with Coen, Joey, Parker, Channing, Easton, and Blake. We took Silver and Levi out to Hideaway Pizza after along with Sorrells, DeToros minus Ryan, and Barry's. Was nice to finally be able to join in. After, I took Silver and Levi across the street to the playground. 


Silver and Levi have been playing with Mills and Luka a ton lately. It's soccer season, so our kids walk over most evenings to knock on their door.


I bought Silver her iPad! She did great learning the bike. We need to schedule more riding though.


At work, I got office hours with Greg on Friday. We covered a bit of the fallout, but I was interested in hearing his perspective on YouVersion, and I learned that he's all about operations and efficiency. He's not currently the guy to promote pastoral culture.
I've had several more convos with coworkers. I'm feeling a little better about the situation. Gaylen said his general feeling is, "disillusioned", which I totally agree with.


We had "shorts day" on Friday at work, which was actually great. The team hung out on the lawn and threw sports stuff and ate hot dogs.


Our team is onramping Joel, Justin K, and Brook.


April 20
Lots of work on Saturday, Kristin and I finished up painting the expansion and built Daniel's closet.


Work really sucks right now. I do not fit in here unless it's to shut up and knock out little tickets. Three top leaders left at the same tame, and it was glossed over. Worse, it has me introspecting on all the "here forever" leaders I've had - Matt Sanders, Brian Russell, Todd, Zach, Terry - and how they all left. There are definitely problems in the org, but there's also a problem with me, personally.


Kristin has been encouraging and supportive.


Neighbor Hannah came over for a bit on Saturday to hang with Silver and Levi. We took Winston for a walk.


Wednesday I went to Levi's field trip to the science museum and watched him and his best friend Mohammed, whose parents also came. The dad is also Mohammed. Easy, fun trip. Levi did his first school bus ride there.


Ezra slept over at Crew's on Saturday night.


Keeping up with running and pushups.


I went for a long walk Sunday with Nic to talk about work stuff. He's frustrated by promises for his role to be elevated with no action.




April 13
Ezra turned 11! Kristin got him a bunch of Mario Galaxy themed stuff. He's been loving it.


Ezra's done so well lately. He's been enthusiastic, playing incredibly well with siblings, especially Silver, doing great in school and safety patrol, creating. He's been watching through Ryan Trahan's ryan3000 series every day. He still has some overwhelmed moments, but he works through them better. He also goes to bed and wakes up on time, which is really cool to see that kind of discipline. Crew is his best friend, and they often talk on ipad while playing minecraft together. Yesterday they hung out at the Budd's and played baseball and basketball and got free ice cream at the almost-open new Braum's. Nathan and Trey immediately went over too. The Budd's will probably move to Florida or Colorado for a new position for Rio. Trey and Crew seem optimistic; Ezra's really sad about it, though. We're gonna keep praying for great friends for him.


Went to MissionalAI in San Jose (near San Francisco) from Monday through Thursday. I left the team a day early to get home for Ezra's bday. Joe left early too, so we got a bunch of time to talk together about theology.
The trip was good, but honestly, I didn't need to go. We were promoting YouVersion Platform, mingling and chatting with the hundreds of attenders and the rest of my team gave a couple presentations. We did some walks to restaurants. I tried a waymo. Got to know Andrew Virts, Lacy, Tiffany, and Brian Wilson.
Lots of somewhat interesting talks on the church and AI.
I wrote a ton of ideas while on the plane.


Since I left early, I missed Gaylen telling the team that James Chung, Jenny, and Tony are all leaving soon. Huge deal for the team. I've been really wrestling with my role and purpose the past couple weeks, feeling useless and misled and dead-ended by the org. I've had no opportunities for growth or promotion or influence. But my reviews have been good and pay bumps have followed. These big changes are putting me back into a "wait and see" mindset. It's such an opportunity for pride to take over, so I'm working hard to not throw out the legitimate concerns.


I did a couple more bike lessons with Silver. She's doing awesome. We've been using Feeb's driveway, and after 4 lessons, she's able to coast down the driveway and pedal in the street for a while. 


We spent all of Saturday at Nathan and Daniel's track meet in Putnam City. They did well with their runs, but lots of teammates weren't there. Weather was pretty good, interrupted by a brief shower. Mimi and Poppy were there for a couple hours, then took Ezra, Silver, and Levi to their house. Daniel and Nathan joined us in the stands a couple times for food. Ezra brought a football, so we played catch a bunch, and Silver and Levi found entertainment climbing around. We are so blessed to have this family. I did a short run at the park across the street. All of us got sunburned, despite the clouds. Kristin and I went to a little coffee shop, The Prov, during a lull in the events. I drove Daniel's friend Justice home.


We took Winston for a couple walks with Silver and Ezra since the Bryan's were out doing soccer.


Sunday, we slept in and missed church. Kristin did a long walk with Andrea and Christine at Mitch Park. Mimi and Poppy prepped Feeb's garage for a sale, and let Levi play with them.


Daniel and Nathan had misc friends over on Sunday. 


Daniel had a weird throat infection while I was away. Kristin got 2 strep tests, which, despite the symptoms, were negative. But the antibiotic kicked it.


April 6
Friday we had off work but kids had make up school day for Good Friday, so we did breakfast at neighborhood Jam with the Bryans. Then Kristin and Britney went to a spa day. I did a bunch of little chores. 


Saturday we each did long runs. I picked up Daniel from a late night movie outing with friends and some random girls. 


Nathan got Amazon prime on his own and has ordered headphones and filament. I'm impressed at his activation. He and I talked a bunch out his Etsy shop after a scammer messaged him.


Daniel and Nathan have been adventuring in the north block property with their friends, finding lots of deer bones and some apparent homeless shelters and spots with vapes and beer cans.


They had a track meet Tuesday evening for several hours. Ezra, Silver and Levi did great, they made some friends and Crew joined eventually and I picked us up McDonalds. It's been so fun for me and Kristin since the boys and their friends have nonstop events. Nathan came 2nd in high jump, Daniel cleared 5'2" his first time doing the event, and they both had relays that medaled. Poppy stayed for a couple hours. Silver and Levi were joined by a couple kids their age and played with a tire in a field and found ladybugs and generally found things to do for all 4 hours. It was at Santa Fe.


I've done 3 bike lessons with Silver now, and she's gone from terrified and reluctant and embarrassed to excited. Yesterday we used Feebs driveway, and she was able to coast and use the pedals up the facing neighbors driveway.


Saturday we went to Easter service. Daniel and Nathan brought Luca and Mason. Daniel also went to Switch this week and brought Avery, Will, Parker, Joel.


We went to Mimi and Poppys for Easter dinner, along with their neighbors Travis and Katie and baby Jackson. The kids did great with the baby. Daniel put up a huge fight about going, but then actually did great when we were heading out. It was a shortish visit.


The grandparents also took Silver and Levi to their neighborhood egg hunt in the morning. Kristin and I also did a hunt for them in Feebs yard in the afternoon.


Late Friday night I took Daniel to the ER bc his testicle hurt and he heard about torsion from Mason, who had surgery. Turned out to be nothing, but we were there til 2am. Daniel was embarrassed to have me there, tho he was comfortable talking about it.


I put some seed out in the backyard.


Ezra brought home an amazing story he wrote at school. His creativity is so impressive.


Saturday afternoon I took Ezra, Silver, Levi to see the Mario Galaxy movie. Surprisingly entertaining. Was one of Ezras favs.


We've been watching lots of Thunder games on TV. I watched the new One Piece season.


Tuesday I drove out with Tim, Gaylen, Brad, Julie to see Eric officially adopt Andy. Really sweet. Couple hours away in Ada at Chicasaw court. Was almost like a wedding.


I'm currently at the airport, gonna go to San Jose for missional AI, along with a bunch of teammates. I'm praying all goes great for Kristin.


March 30
Daniel and Nathan had a cold and rainy track meet all day Friday, like 13 hours. They still had fun. 


It was Poppy's 70th birthday, so we did dinner there, with Feebs. Watched the Thunder game. Daniel and Nathan were still at their meet.


Saturday morn, I took Mom to the airport; great visit. Then I did 10 miles at Lake Hefner from 6:15am - 8. Really great, longest run I've ever done by a tiny bit.


Then I took Levi to Lucas' bday party at Kids' Galaxy. Talked with his dad Nick, and Ben Decker and Jordan Wiseman. 


Daniel and Nathan had a bunch of friends over to traipse through the woods. Nathan found some deer antlers. Their group stumbled on a bag of bones on the private property north of Stonebriar; was just animal. 


Nathan sold his old Treasure X toys to Silver and Levi, who played with them for hours. Good non-screen time, and Kristin and I took turns playing with them.


Daniel hung out at a track buddy's house, Landon, who also came over. His dad is Eric.






March 26
We went to Daniel and Nathan's track meet on Tuesday. Kristin took a half day that turned into a full day and I was there for most of it, just went back and forth to office for meetings. Mom and Shawn went too. Extremely fun, Nathan got 2nd in long jump, 3rd for high jump. Daniel's team won 4x800. Daniel unfortunately DQ'd his 4x400 team bc he wasn't told that the lead leg has to stay in lane. It really got to him, kept him up at night. He seems to be doing better now though.


I replaced the driveway lights with smaller, guarded ones because one of the big glass ones shattered from basketballs. The kids shattered a new one within 4 hours; hilarious. I was glad for the opportunity to be calm about it when Micah told me. Nathan's gotta work on his responsibility initiative.


Last Friday, I took Daniel out driving! He drove around the parking lot of the church on the corner. Did really well, just working on pedals for now.


The boy we've been praying for for years, Miller, died yesterday. That was hard for everyone. His family has a huge social media following.




March 23
Mom's visit is going well. Sue's been helping her a ton with house stuff, and they got Daniel and Nathan to move some furniture.


It's Spring Break so everyone is sleeping in. Mom's been watching the kids.


Friday we all went to the zoo, except Daniel. Nathan was excited to return. It was really hot tho, mid 90s, so we brought a bunch of water and snacks and let them get ice cream. They were troopers. Place was absolutely packed.


Saturday I ran 9.6 miles, out to Mitch Park the long way, around the loop and back. Kristin did 9 miles. It was so hard, I don't know how she does it all.


Sunday was church, kids all did great. Then Kristin and I got burgers at Hynden's (i think is the name) and ice cream at Andy's. Good date.




March 16
Picked up Mom from the airport yesterday. She hung out for dinner and had ESL over for a bit before bed. She's doing well, will help out a lot with the kids this Spring Break week.


The weather was great again for a blip, so Daniel and Nathan have been hosting nonstop. Yesterday the temp plummeted + crazy wind, so their hide and seek game in the woods ended early. Nathan's just inviting over everyone he can think of, even had a friend of a friend over whose name he didn't know. Josiah, Nolan, Braden, Caden, in addition to the neighborhood usuals of Luca, Jett, Aaron, Micah. I took him out to buy a firepit on Saturday; he set it up with friends and I taught them how to use flint and steel. Also got some car time with him yesterday driving friends home late. Feels like we've still got relational momentum from the Okana trip. He's been more assertively willing to connect.


Daniel spent the night at Will's last night, Ezra went to Crew's on Saturday in a swap for Trey. 


We did BINGO night at Frontier on Thursday with Ezra, Silver, Levi. Kids had a blast. Krista Budd sat with us. She and Kristin are talking a lot. With Trey and Nathan on track and Crew and Ezra regularly hanging out, there's a lot of connection points. After the sleepover, they all joined us for 830 church, except Rio. Apparently he's taking every job possible with the Navy; right now it's funerals, which is rough. 


At work, I'm in kind of a weird place. I'm pushing into AI stuff a lot, but there is so much fear.


March 10
Nathan and I had an ideal adventure weekend. We took off Thurs and Friday. Started with a couple chores - haircut, Chic-fil-a, and trip to ortho to see about his wrist pain; he's supposed to do some PT. Then we went to Andretti racing. We had the track to ourselves for the first race. He loved it, so we booked another race and walked around nearby pond to skip rocks while waiting. A security guy nicely told us to leave, so we walked back and did the second race. Then we drove to Okana. The place is amazing, and very expensive. We had a 7th floor room with an amazing view of the river and city. We spent a couple hours at the water park, which was so much fun. No lines, and most of the rides are for 2 people. Then we did the escape room there, which was surprisingly great, and finished with 3 minutes of the 40 to spare, no hints needed. Nathan is so good at those kinds of puzzles. We had dinner at the on-campus basebase-themed place, then watched a few Percy Jackson episodes before bed.
Friday morning, we went to H&H shooting range and rented 22 caliber rifle and then handgun. We had the room to ourselves, so we took our time and I showed Nathan how to load and shoot. Our 100 rounds lasted about an hour. Then we went to a local McDonald's and experienced some homeless people and a kinda crazy guy. I gave a couple of them cheeseburgers and got to have a good conversation w Nathan about it all. We don't see much of that, and I'm glad for the opportunity to show compassion. Huge contrast with our luxurious, expensive weekend. Then we did waterpark for an hour or so. There was a Zoo Dinosaur exhibit being promoted, so we got discount tickets at Okana and went to the zoo. It was a perfect day - great weather, so we took our time trying to see everything and did the dino exhibit, which had just opened. Nathan's highlight was a friendly stray cat, but he enjoyed it all. We would've stayed longer but the zoo closes at 5, apparently. So after I forced us to check out a new Native art exhibit, we went back to the water park, then had dinner at the on-site pizza shop. At night we tried to do axe-throwing but it was 18+, so we did the batting cage video experience for a half hour. Then marathoned the rest of Percy Jackson before bed. That night was loud storms and hail, but he slept through it.
Saturday we didn't have plans, so we ended up going to the Penn Square mall and stumbled on an "Extreme Weather" expo. Helicopters and vehicles in the parking lot, local news teams and swag tables inside. There was a Thunder experience vehicle with some player gear and shoes. We got a photo with Damon Lane after waiting 40 minutes in line. Nathan was very patient, and excited to get random swag. Then we did a mini escape room at Red Door; a 30 minute single room puzzle that we solved pretty quick. We wandered the packed mall for a while, had Popeyes for lunch (a stretch for him), and then he was ready to go home. 
The whole experience was so good. We had a lot of natural convos and just plain fun together. I was able to say "yes" to most of his requests for snacks. He eats so little and still has unlimited energy. And he doesn't need much sleep. My legs were sore from all the stairs and walking, but he didn't feel it. He even did a leg workout with Trey on Saturday afternoon while sleeping over there. The outdoor part of Okana was closed, but when that opens it might be worth a day trip with the family. 

Saturday, Nathan and Ezra slept over at the Budds. Sunday, we did church, then Nathan and Daniel went to Joel's bday party at Main Event. They hung out all day and missed us hosting Life Group. Kristin cooked an Irish meal of pork and potatoes. We got to catch up with the families. I wish our kids gelled better with everyone else, but they're the odd ones out.


Daniel was sick yesterday and tested positive for strep this morning so I'm WFH. 


Kristin and I took Silver and Levi to the park last night to enjoy the weather.


Levi has some stomach issue where he's been pooping nonstop for the last week. He's wearing a diaper. 


Ezra's been in a great mood. He moved his creative setup into Daniel and Nathan's old room. And he's been shooting the basketball on his own.




March 2
Nathan turned 13! We're gonna do his adventure later this week. Mimi and Poppy came over and had McDonalds with us.


We took Levi to Skyzone for his birthday. Unfortunately, only Omar and Lucas could make it, but Levi still had a blast. I talked with both dads for a good bit. We made Ezra come to fill out ranks. Silver and Nathan and friend Luca also came.


Nathan had a cotillion - dressed up and had fun with friends.
For his bday, he asked if he could invite some friends over Saturday. We said sure, and ended up with 8-9 of his buddies, plus Daniel had Will, Mason, and Joel over.


The expansion is basically finished, and it's so far been better than anticipated. Daniel and Nathan are bonding over having that space and their own rooms to set up. They've been having friends hang out there nonstop.


Weather has been amazing. I did a 7 mile run yesterday and 8 miles around the neighborhoods last week. Kristin and I have been doing walks.


Yesterday I dropped Ezra at Phillip Belyeu's 10th bday before doing a run at Bickham-Rudkin and OCU. Great paths to run.


We've been carpooling mornings with the Bryan's; they're doing M-W-F. 


Kristin's got a goal of 100 daily pushups and is getting even more fit and strong.


Work is a lot. Platform feels kinda messy right now, but this is where I'm supposed to be. There is tension with the data teams that I keep calling out, and I had a great set of convos with Ella and JT last week; we're all on the same page.


Last week the kids were off Monday and virtual Tuesday. Silver and Levi came to Staffkids and had a decent time.


Nathan's been experiencing lots of wrist pain, for months now. I gotta get him an appt.


Daniel's back pain has returned; it hurt after he tried high jumping. 


Track seems to be good for both Daniel and Nathan, except for the pains. Daniel says he's the highest jumper and was the only kid asked to do both sprint and distance. Nathan's one of the fastest, too.


Kristin and I did some painting to prep for gutter install, which hopefully happens today.


Random neighbor came over last week to ask about the expansion.


Feb 16
Levi turned 6! 
He took the day before off school bc of foot injury, but was able to go on his birthday and had a great day.


Daniel had a Griffin game Saturday and played awesome. Got some great chat time in the car. He's talking to a girl named Alina, and did a double date with Beaux on Saturday, Valentine's day. They went to the mall, saw a movie, then Daniel slept over at Beaux's. I met his dad, Jimmy, who has a company to do videos and podcasting, and mom Alicia. Daniel also went to Mason's bday party and we did a last-minute Walmart trip for flowers. He had a practice last night and we actually had a serious talk about some of my work drama.


Saturday I did 7.3 miles at 9 minute pace. Was also able to do Sunday workout under 14. And have been playing HORSE and around the world with Nathan and Ezra. Did some 1 on 1 with Daniel. A little trampoline time with Levi and Ezra. More walks with Kristin, especially with the great weather. Ezra and Silver waved with me Sunday.


Silver's continuing to talk with Raya a bunch on video chat.


Nathan really hurt his left foot some unknown way. We went to urgent care and the xray showed no break. But he won't stay off it.


The kids have off today and tomorrow. Levi and Silver did staffkids. Unfortunately, some girl took Silver's keychains and really upset her. I think it's resolved tho. 


Work was a little sucky due to me getting left out of some data convos. We just need open, honest convos.




Feb 9
Last night, Levi did a "canonball" off the bunk beds on his beanbag and really hurt his foot. I took him to urgent care this morning for xray; not broken. Amazing staff, LC attenders. It was my fault for encouraging him to jump earlier in the week. He stayed home today with Kristin, who has a sore throat.


Yesterday was full. Church as usual - 30 Second Theology - Specks came over for a bit. Then I spent hours on the garage and putting together lockers that Kristin ordered for the kids. Moved some stuff to Mom's shed. We went to the Speck to watch the superbowl. Daniel stayed home. Great time. Specks continue to be extremely helpful. Nathan and I worked on some of Mr Beast challenge from the SuperBowl. 


Expansion work continues, but the misfires are becoming obvious. HVAC was supposed to have been done weeks ago, so he had to rip out drywall and request different electric work. Myriad other little issues.


I stopped taking dutasteride. Was really messing with my libido. Kristin would rather me be virile and bald. I'll go back to finasteride.


Friday and Saturday Daniel had bball tourney games. They won both, so 1st place for the season. Finale was against Heartland, really close game. North basketball will be unbeatable in the area.


Work week was standard. Went out to lunch with Alex Klebanov and Tim, Brad.


Saturday I did a 7 mile run around the neighborhoods. Slow but felt good. Lots of time to pray. I'm feeling very energized by the idea that my Chazown is "Connect all the things". For work, that means giving the agents knowledge of everything.


We've been carpooling with the Bryans. 




Feb 2
Yesterday we did Silver's bday party at ShowBiz. She said it was the best party ever. Friends Amaya + twin Sully (boy), Mareya, Eden, Rory. Mimi and Ella came, Levi was there but Ezra declined. We did bowling and arcade. Pretty easy.


I took Silver out with Levi, Nathan, Ezra to Target to put together goody bags and get Joyride candy. Nice little outing together.


Nathan had 2 bball games Saturday morning. Shawn and Sue were there for both, Kristin and I took turns. He had a fantastic 2nd game, apparently.


We had OSM at work in the midst of 5 snow days. Really great work gathering. Shawn and Sue helped a bunch watching kids in the meantime, and Nathan did some babysitting for us plus Mills and Luca. One big takeaway for me was "sleep hygiene." I gotta get better. I had a few really good nights.


Friday afternoon our Platform team at work went and saw the movie Mercy and had dinner at ShowBiz.


The snowstorm was legit, like 8 inches of snow so kids were off Fri - Thurs. They did ok going back and actually pretty good today. 


Ella joined us for dinner Tues and a run w Kristin.


We're all healthy again, maybe a little cabin fever. Nathan and Ezra slept over at the Budd's on Friday, Daniel went to Ansens with Blake, Will, Parker, Coen on Saturday night. Kids were pretty tired after but was good after cabin fever.


Daniel's been feeling really down this weekend, especially hard on himself about bball. I'm not sure the trigger. He refused to go to Griffin practice Sunday night. We're trying to stay in encourager mode.


The expansion is nearing final phase, they finished floor and took the trailer away. The main carpenter, Abel, has been awesome. Shawn came over Saturday and Sunday to paint primer. Kristin helped, and we made Daniel and Nathan chip in. The head contractor, Corey, sent his son and a buddy to pick up all the scrap material and I got to chat with them a bit, lend gloves and tire inflator. They're just teenagers doing all kinds of random work.


Sunday night was LifeGroup at the Belyeus with Vaughns. Just Silver and Levi came.


The kids got way too much screen time with all the time off school. 


I finished the book "Whisper" by Mark Batterson on listening to God. I've started praying, "Speak Lord, for your servant is listening" throughout the day.


Back into workout. Only missed a couple from sickness. Was able to break 14 minutes again Sunday. I did 7.1 miles in an hour on the treadmill Saturday. Lots of time to listen to my Bible plan and Bema and pray. It felt really good, like I had plenty left in the tank.


Friday night, Jimmy's friend and mentor, Drew, had a heart attack and died; he was 58. Mom called and told me. I texted Jimmy. Saturday was Billy's bday so I texted him. I so hope my kids have better relationships with their siblings.


Jan 26
Silver turned 9! She was feeling rough still in the morning but well enough for us to do Whataburger and cake for dinner.


Finished out sick week with a winter storm, got like 8 inches here, Friday was off, today is off. Super cold, too. Kristin is a beast - while the rest of us were sick, she's been taking care of everything plus shoveling and keeping up with her workouts.


I tested positive for Flu B so Kristin and I got tamiflu and have been healthy since, but with stomach side effects.


I did a little adventure with Nathan yesterday. He wanted pizza but we were out and I thought all stores were closed, so he looked up a recipe. Then we found out my yeast is bad, which makes sense since it's over a year old and the bread this weekend was flat, so we ventured out on the terrible roads. Suprisingly, Walmart was open and mostly restocked, so we got groceries, came home and made dough. Nathan made a surprisingly great pizza, aiming for Dominoes style.


The kids did a little bit of outside play, Daniel and Nathan hung out with friends, Ezra did a solo walk to the sledding hill but was intimidated by kids being there. Kristin and I did a couple walks, despite it being like 8 degrees.


Daniel had to miss his Thursday bball which included a gallery of tri-fold presentations for each player. Kristin made an amazing one that was overshadowed by the insane efforts of the other kids.


I missed Thursday workout and long run Saturday, but did Sunday plus some shoveling.


Jan 21
Mom went back to Philly after a great trip. Specks got back from their cruise. They crossed paths in the airport and chatted.


Everyone is home sick. I'm just starting with a cough, Kristin is fine. Fevers, barfing, naps, headaches. I'm WFH to avoid spreading it. 


Expansion construction continues. We got a ton of dust in the house but Kristin talked to contractor Abel and he fixed it right away.


Nathan had a couple bball games Saturday. He did well but was starting to get sick and he looked tired. Daniel had his practice at Griffin.


Just Ezra and Levi came to church. We did lifegroup at the Belyeus with them too. Good catching up. We learned that the Cloningers are adopting Dannity and Dasia and they're taking new names - Ruby and Sylvie.


Monday was MLK so we had off. Daniel did a 3v3 tournament with Lake, Maddox, and William at Solid Rock. Blake and Channing were the managers, along with their school team manager, Beaux. Daniel played amazing, and was still hard on himself, but constructively so. He said that now he knows what he should do in the future, rather than just knowing he did something wrong. We got to chat a bit more with Maddox's dad, Brandon, and hung out with Scott and Anne the whole time. Poppy went to a few games, Levi and Silver went to one and did Chick Fil A lunch break with us.


Back to work is going alright. Bracing for a snowstorm. I've got my January moustache.


Did another weekend watching Winston while the Bryans were away.


Kristin and I continue to ramp up our running to train for the half, and started using the treadmill in Mom's garage. 


Jan 12
Went back to work and school for a full week. Having Mom in the back house is becoming "normal". Specks left for a cruise so we're borrowing their Jeep.


Ezra had his first sleepover, joining Nathan at the Budds. Sounds like it was fun, but Ezra was an emotional mess after. Silver and Levi did a sleepover the night before at Feebs'.


Mom's been working nonstop cleaning her place and setting up utilities and cooking and watching kids and meeting neighbors. Really great having her nearby. She had a creepy solicitor so I set up a wyze cam at her door until she gets a doorbell camera. 


Nathan and I built an Ikea-style bed frame for Feebs while watching the Eagles playoff game. Took 2.5 hours, but good bonding time. I tried to have us take breaks, but he insisted that he needed to finish a project once started. Amazing kid. He also randomly decided to start learning piano. He had a great couple bball games Saturday; he's really learning the game well. We sat with Heartland Asher's parents. Afterwards, he went to Cheyenne Asher's house with some friends, then I took them to our place for a while.


Mom watched the kids Saturday night while Kristin and I did a date at Flower Child for dinner and wandering Trader Joe's after. We ran into Ashley and Avery, then extremely awkwardly watched her back into another car in the parking lot. I didn't realize it was her and took a picture of her plate before they drove off.


Daniel's been up and down. We drove way out to Bethany yesterday for a Griffin game. He got a lot of play time and I thought he did well, but he wasn't happy with it. He's been kinda sullen lately, but time with Will and Avery and Joel cheers him up. He did go to Switch on Wednesday, and took Will, Joel, Mason, Channing, and Blake.


We took Silver and Levi to the playground yesterday. Mom brought the book "Animalia", so I've been reading that with those two. I need to be more deliberate about time with them.


I've been playing HORSE with Ezra pretty much every day. It's a great skill for him to develop, and he was able to play it with Crew during a hangout. He's also continuing to work on animations and videos. He also made a 3D model of a brainrot character that Nathan printed.


Kristin's been walking a lot and has a set a daily pushup goal for the year, something like 50 a day after she adds 1 per day. Early Saturday morning, she joined a group led by Max Korom's wife and did dozens of burpees.




Jan 5
Mom arrived and moved into her new house, Karon's old one. Sue and Shawn have been incredibly helpful in going through all the stuff. We spent the last few days of break working on it. Mom will be here for another 12 days, so we're figuring out rhythm. The kids have been walking back and forth and playing with Feebs.


It's even more chaotic bc our expansion is being worked on and we're watching Winston for the week. And with the great weather, Daniel and Nathan's friends are always over. So there's lots of foot traffic.


Daniel had a basketball tourney over the weekend that was set up by Graham and Hank's dads. Unfortunately, he was on the bench almost the entire time, and got a nasty eye injury immediately. The parents are nice, but they've known each other forever. And they're intense. It's pretty frustrating as a parent to pay and drive to these games and not get to watch Daniel. He doesn't even get opportunity to burn energy. We do get some good car time though.


Last week, Daniel came over to mom's empty house to find me and talk about life. Channing broke up with him again, for good, and he was feeling sad and confused. On the upside, he's been doing Guided Prayer in the Bible app and started the Bible Recap plan with Will. The work God has done in Daniel in the last year is incredible. We had a really good talk, even though I don't have much advice for him, just encouragement. Will's gf also broke up with him, so they can commiserate. 


I tackled a few house projects over break, but not big ones like leaky toilets or kitchen faucet. Mom's also got house work. I'm feeling a little weary still from being overwhelmed by all the needs around me. I have enough, I think energy and motivation are the big things to solve.

I finished played Zelda Minish cap. Started taking Dutasteride for my hair; gonna see if it impacts libido. 


New Year's eve was fun - we let everyone stay up until NY ball dropped at 11pm. Silver helped Kristin with the traditional charcuterie board.


Saturday we did family meeting communion at Mom's and went over our photos from the year.